mr. wicker .
madam president , i ask for the yeas and nays .
h.r. 6957 .
congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : article 1 , section 8 , clause 3 of the us constitution
the president pro tempore led the pledge of allegiance , as follows : i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america , and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under god , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all .
the presiding officer .
the senator from kentucky .
division b -- energy and water development and related agencies
buildings and industry industrial technologies.--within available funds , the department is directed to support diesel - alternative power generation technologies , such as propane and renewable propane used for primary , backup , and emergency response power generation in generators , micro - combined heat and power systems , and microgrids .
the agreement includes $ 10,000,000 to continue to support research and development of innovative technologies aimed at both increasing u.s. technological and economic competitiveness and reducing emissions in the production of iron , steel , and steel mill products , including activities in support of the low - emissions steel manufacturing research program .
the agreement provides up to $ 20,000,000 to reduce nitrous oxide emissions from industrial chemical processing and fertilizer production .
advanced materials and manufacturing technologies.--the agreement provides $ 7,500,000 for the development of advanced tooling for lightweight automotive components .
the department is directed to further foster the partnership between the manufacturing demonstration facility , universities , and industry in the great lakes and gulf coast regions for economic growth and technology innovation , thereby accelerating technology deployment and increasing the competitiveness of u.s. manufacturing industries .
the agreement supports the final year of construction funding for the energy materials and processing at scale ( emaps ) facility in fiscal year 2026 and directs the department to provide a report detailing an integrated research strategy for the emaps facility within 150 days of enactment .
building technologies.--the agreement provides $ 70,000,000 for commercial buildings integration ; $ 65,000,000 for residential buildings integration , including $ 5,000,000 for grid - interactive efficient buildings ; $ 75,000,000 for equipment and building standards ; and not less than $ 15,000,000 for building energy codes .
within available funds , the agreement recommends funding for heating , ventilation , and air conditioning and refrigeration research , development , and deployment , including heat pumps , heat pump water heaters , and boilers .
the department shall focus efforts to address whole building energy performance and cost issues to inform efforts to advance beneficial electrification and greenhouse gas mitigation without compromising building energy performance .
the agreement provides up to $ 30,000,000 to support efforts to develop and demonstrate gas heat pump systems for space heating in heating - dominant climates and water heating in all climates for existing buildings .
additionally , the building technologies office is encouraged to explore technology validation opportunities for thermal energy networks to connect sources of available heat , such as data centers , with collections of buildings in conjunction with the geothermal technologies office .
the agreement provides up to $ 5,000,000 for real - time comparative studies of grid - integrated building systems under live weather conditions .
the department is encouraged to collaborate with the office of electricity and the office of cybersecurity , energy security , and emergency response to improve building - to - grid interactions and the integration of energy storage and renewable energy .
the agreement encourages the development and demonstration of gas heat pump systems for space heating in heating- dominant climates and water heating in all climates for existing buildings .
the department is encouraged to complete the current reviews of appliance and equipment efficiency standards and prepare for the next cycle to meet required statutory deadlines .
the department is encouraged to fund research , demonstration , and field testing of new technology to facilitate widespread deployment and dissemination of information and best practices through direct engagement with builders , the construction trades , equipment manufacturers , smart grid technology and systems suppliers , integrators , state and local governments , and other market transformation activities .
the department is encouraged to increase engagement with private sector stakeholders to develop market - transforming policies and investments in commercial building retrofits .
the agreement supports the study of thermal and electric storage , secure communications , behind - the - meter and grid- edge distributed energy resource integration and control , whole - building and system - level efficiency , and envelope and heat pump solutions .
mr. green of texas .
mr. speaker , and still i rise , and still i rise , a liberated , unbought , unbossed , unafraid democrat .
and still i rise , and i rise today because i have grave and great concern for the american people .
i fear for the lives of the american people .
i do so , mr. speaker , because if the president of the united states and his underlings and his persons who are in charge of very powerful agencies within the federal government can convince this country or some significant portion of the people in this country that ms. renee good was a terrorist , i fear for the lives of the people in this country .
in fact , i fear for my own life .
i am not afraid to speak truth to power .
i am not afraid to speak truth about power .
i am going to speak truth about power today , but i can tell you that i fear for our lives because if you can justify what happened to ms. good after seeing with your very own eyes what took place , and if we can allow the king 's men to conclude that only they can investigate this and remove the local constabulary from the process , if this can happen , i fear for our lives .
we are now living in a country where people are expected to believe that this mother of three , a christian woman , seated in her vehicle-- yes , the vehicle was across the roadway -- that somehow she was a terrorist .
the head of homeland security has as much as said so , a terrorist .
mr. speaker , i fear for our lives because what we saw when this lady , this woman , was accosted -- and i say ` ` accosted '' because men who had on masks in police regalia , i suppose , approached her rather aggressively , it seems to me , and one of them , in approaching , said : ` ` get the f out of the car . ''
i am not using the profanity , but that is what was said .
you can see it for yourselves , and you can hear it for yourselves .
that is what was said : ` ` get the f out of the car . ''
when men can approach a female in a car and say this to her and expect her to immediately respond in a positive manner , and if she does not and attempts to drive away , if they can take her life , i fear for our lives .
do not assume that it can happen only to her .
they aggressively approached her .
cars were going around her in various ways , but when she made her move to extricate herself , to move along , to move her car , officers started to shoot .
she was shot .
one officer shot through the side window as she was moving away .
you do n't have to know this lady .
i do n't know her .
i do n't know who she was other than what i have seen and what i have read , but the truth is , officers ought not be allowed to do what was done to this lady .
there should be an investigation that includes the local constabulary .
if you truly want to be transparent , if you truly believe in liberty and justice for all , if you want the people in this country to believe that what occurred was the right thing , then you would want the local constabulary to be involved , but no .
this administration is shutting out the local investigation , and they are including only the federal investigation , which means , by some thought processes , that they have no desire to let this go to trial .
there are people who believe that this administration has no desire to let this case go to a trial .
for edification purposes , i am one of them .
i do n't believe that they want this case to go to a trial .
i think that this is why they have decided that only the federal authorities will investigate .
i also believe that if the case goes to a trial and if there is a conviction and it is a federal conviction , i believe this president will do for the person or persons convicted , i believe he will do for them what he did for the people who assaulted the citadel of democracy on january 6 .
i believe he will pardon , and i believe he will do it without question , reservation , or hesitation , just as he did for those persons who assaulted this capitol .
he did it immediately after being sworn in .
mr. speaker , i fear for the lives of the american people , and again , i say that includes me .
i think we have a reckless , ruthless outlaw who has found his way into the presidency .
to further validate my thinking , i have here the words of the president of the united states of america , donald john trump .
here are his words when asked if there were any limits on his international power .
i know what happened within the country was national .
this deals with international power .
give me just a moment , please , of your time so that i might connect these dots .
when asked if there were any limits on his international power , here is his response : ` ` my own morality .
my own mind .
it 's the only thing that can stop me . ''
some things bear repeating : ` ` my own morality .
my own mind .
it 's the only thing that can stop me . ''
mr. president , what about congress ?
what about the constitution ?
what about the power to declare war and where that power is vested ?
what about it , mr. president ?
only your mind ?
only your morality ?
i wo n't go into the president 's moral standards .
i will leave that to you .
mr. speaker , what the president is saying is , this joint resolution , s.j. res . 90 , over in the senate -- here is a copy of it -- permit me to read some excerpts .
mr. speaker , it reads : ` ` joint resolution -- to direct the removal of the united states armed forces from hostilities within or against venezuela that have not been authorized by congress . ''
s.j. res . 90 , it goes on to say : ` ` resolved by the senate and house of representatives . ''
eventually , if it passes the senate , it has to come to the house for our approval .
` ` resolved by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , ` ` section 1 .
findings .
congress makes the following findings : ( 1 ) congress has the sole power to declare war under article i , section 8 , clause ii of the united states constitution . ''
mr. president , the constitution still has some relevancy .
the constitution is not meaningless .
it goes on to say : ` ` ( 2 ) congress has not yet declared war upon venezuela or any person or organization within venezuela , nor enacted a specific statutory authorization for use of military force within or against venezuela . ''
mr. speaker , it is only his mind and his morality .
that is the only thing that can stop him .
this resolution wo n't stop him .
here is what he knows .
he knows that if it passes the senate and he knows that if it passes the house , he knows that he has a vote .
he knows that if he votes ` ` no '' with his veto , he knows or believes that it will not be overridden .
mr. speaker , i still say this is the right thing to do .
i say this because you can not allow a president to do what he has done in terms of going to another country , bombing the country , to do this and not put some check on him .
at least you have to try .
you ca n't just allow it to happen and decide we will wait until we can override his veto .
pass it in the senate even if it never passes the house .
you ought to pass it in the senate .
the house should pass it .
if the house does n't , the senate is doing the right thing .
pass it .
let him know that there are some people who are watching .
by the way , the president has also gone on to say that the five republicans who voted for this to move forward should n't hold public office again .
threats and intimidation , this president spells the word ` ` respect '' f - e - a - r. that is respect .
he wants people to fear him .
i do n't fear you , mr. president .
i am concerned about your behavior .
i am concerned about what you might have your underlings in some way do to me .
i want you to know i will not be deterred , just as these senators are not being deterred .
yes , they are doing the right thing , notwithstanding the fact that you have a vote in this process .
they did it , and they are doing it .
i support what they are doing .
in doing what he has done , the president is doing the following .
he is using the noble ends -- not always noble -- to justify ignoble means .
they are noble ends to justify ignoble means .
that is what is happening in venezuela .
only it is noble ends to justify unconstitutional means .
i think some senators seem to agree with me on that : unconstitutional means to justify what are perceived to be ignoble ends .
the president of venezuela is a part of this , but it is not about him .
it is about the constitution .
it is about whether we will have a constitution .
if we are going to allow what are perceived to be noble ends to justify unconstitutional means , at some point the constitution of the united states of america will become meaningless .
he is using noble , perceived ends to justify unconstitutional means .
the president should have brought this to the attention of the congress .
he did not do so .
he did , however , bring it to the attention of the oil companies .
have the oil companies replaced congress in the united states of america ?
is what they think more important than what we think , given that the constitution has given us the authority to declare war ?
i know that this is a difficult topic for some people to embrace , but this is where we are .
congress has become irrelevant in the mind of this president .
it is not relevant .
it is not .
his own morality , his own mind is the only thing that can stop him .
well , mr. president , you are wrong .
congress is relevant .
just as the senate took this action , congress , meaning the house of representatives , should take action .
by definition , the house and the senate make up the congress .
the house of representatives should take action .
we have the power to do what has to be done .
we have the power .
before i go further with that power , i want to come back to , if i may , ms. good .
if the president believes this about international law , if the president believes that the only thing is his mind , i believe he believes the same thing about domestic law .
i think he believes that the only thing that he has to concern himself with is whether he agrees , whether he thinks it is right .
i believe he thinks that what those officers did can be justified simply because they are officers of the law .
i support officers of the law .
i do n't support outlaws who are pretending to be officers of the law when they are committing crimes .
my uncle was a deputy sheriff .
i support officers of the law , but i am not going to support officers who would do what happened to this lady and the president is then going to immediately back them up .
the head of homeland security immediately backs them up .
the vice president of the united states immediately backs them up .
they set the narrative to allow the exoneration of the persons who did these dastardly things .
they have put in motion immediately without an investigation .
well , you say : al , you did n't investigate .
no , but i am investigating by virtue of seeing what happened and having read news articles and having looked into it .
they did n't do as much .
they just immediately concluded that this lady was a terrorist .
i am not a terrorist , but if you can conclude that she is , i am not sure that anybody is safe from being captioned , labeled , or designated a terrorist .
i am not sure .
i am standing up for her today .
i am standing up for the american people today .
i am standing up for those good law enforcement officers who would have approached that lady with a kinder gesture and not as bullies .
they would have approached her and simply said : ma'am , would you please step out of the car .
what is wrong with being kind ?
you have got the gun .
what is wrong with being respectful ?
no , the president as a bully has passed on his tendencies to those who are under him .
it starts at the top .
the tone and tenor starts at the top .
it starts with a bullying president .
now , you have officers who believe that they can bully people into doing things .
i imagine this lady was frightened .
i would have been , rushing up to me , mask on , ` ` get out of the f'ing car . ''
that may have been the last thing i would want to do .
it may have been the last thing she wanted to do .
the president , in his thinking , believes he is above and beyond the law , whether it is international law or whether it is domestic law .
that is his thinking .
i come back to where i was when i said the senate is doing the right thing , and they are .
i said the house should do the right thing , and we can .
the president fears what the house can do .
he fears it because he knows that this is where an indictment can take place , right here in this house .
he knows it .
he knows that that indictment can be very harmful to him , very harmful to him .
he is afraid of what the house can do .
he has as much as said it without using those explicit words .
he said it .
he has said it .
he said that they will find some reason to impeach him , find some reason .
mr. president , it is easy to find the reasons because you have given them to us .
venezuela is a reason .
we do n't have to look very far or very hard to find a reason .
it is right before our eyes .
the reasons are there .
it is not about whether we can find the reasons .
the question is whether we can find the will .
it is the will .
do we have the willpower to do what should be done ?
i am talking about bipartisan effort .
it should be bipartisan .
but if it ca n't be bipartisan , that does n't mean we should n't try to stop this reckless , ruthless president .
if the senate can go forward knowing the rules and how things are likely to play out , if we can pass legislation here just yesterday that i supported going over to the senate -- there is a good likelihood that their behavior is not going to be acceptable to me .
if we can do this , we can also do the same thing with the one thing that can stop a reckless , ruthless , outlaw president , the one thing .
that one thing , my friends , is what the president fears most .
he fears even having votes on it take place .
there are people who will say : ` ` well , if you ca n't pass it , why vote on it ? ''
because the american people need to know that there are some people who see the wrong and who are willing to take a stand against the wrong .
they see the injustice , and they are willing to take a stand against the injustice , even when that stand may not result in what is the desired end .
a noble end , a noble cause , ought not be avoided simply because you ca n't bring it to fruition today .
it ought not be .
yes , this thing that we can do is almost sacred .
yes , it requires considerable thought .
yes , it is something that we should do when we have the evidence .
well , friends , i guess the evidence is comparable to the evidence that we had on january 6 when we saw it before our very eyes .
after all , this is an indictment here .
the trial will take place in the senate .
there is this one thing that he fears , and he is very much concerned about it and what we will do .
i ca n't speak for anybody else .
i do n't speak for any of my colleagues who are in congress .
i do n't speak for anybody outside of congress .
i speak for one person , so do not now say that the democrats are doing something .
just say al green .
tell the truth .
on some issues , i believe that it is better to stand alone than not stand at all , so i am going to take a stand .
i am going to agree with what the senate has said .
by the way , i would invite you to read all of it because there is much more to it than what i read to you .
i agree with what the senate has said when they said that congress has the power to declare war .
they go on to say congress has not yet declared war .
you had no right , under the constitution , to do what you did , but you do have the right to do it if the standard is your mind and your morality .
we should not assume that this applies only to international affairs .
it applies to domestic affairs as well .
i am going to do what the senate has done , as best as i can , but it will just be me .
it is not the democratic party .
i believe that these are votes of conscience .
let your conscience be your guide , members .
do n't follow my lead , members .
do n't do it because i am doing it .
i do n't think that there are very many who would .
do it because you believe .
if you do n't believe , do not do it .
i am not asking anybody to vote for it when i bring it to the attention of congress .
i am not asking you to .
do n't vote for it if your convictions do n't command that you do so .
do what you think is right .
the senate has done what they believe to be correct , and i assure you -- without question , i assure you of this -- i will bring articles of impeachment against the president of the united states of america for taking our military to war against venezuela , for doing it based upon some theory that in and of itself does not align with the constitution , some theory that if you have an indictment , you can now send in the police or the justice department and various officers associated , you can send them in to do something -- in this case , to seize the president of a country -- and use the military to back them up .
i marvel at how people will say : ` ` well , they did it in panama .
if we did it in panama , we can do it here . ''
god , the list is endless of things that have been done that were wrong that at some point we had to stop .
it was wrong to bring folks to this country in chains .
they thought it was lawful at the time , i suppose , in their minds , but we stopped it .
regardless as to what has happened prior to this second in time , i say to you the constitution still rules .
the constitution is above indictments .
the constitution is above the things that are in the mind of a president that he believes would give him the authority to do these things .
it is the constitution that counts .
if you are going to have a constitution , you have to make it count .
it does n't count because the words are on paper .
it is how we react and behave in response to the words that are on paper .
it is the constitution that counts .
an indictment is no constitutional reason to send the military , to send a nuclear - powered aircraft carrier , to send planes in large numbers , or to send other military paraphernalia .
indictments do n't accord you that , mr. president .
the only way we can stop this is with impeachment because that is the only thing .
why is it impeachment ?
because , friends , it would say to the next donald john trump we will not tolerate unconstitutional means that are justified .
you ca n't decide that you are going to use some sort of means - justifies - the - ends theory to go to war .
he needs to be impeached .
he needs to be convicted , and he needs to be removed from office ; impeached , convicted , and removed .
however , if we ca n't do it now , that does n't mean that the process ca n't start now .
if we ca n't do it now or sometime in the near future , it does n't mean that we should not let the american people know that we know that what has been done is wrong .
we should protect the constitution , not allow this to happen .
the only way we can do it-- while i believe that this is good and i support it , s.j. res . 90 .
i support it .
i believe it is good ; but the real remedy , the remedy that can make the difference is to impeach , convict , and remove donald john trump from the presidency .
friends , this is where i stand .
i do n't do these things to make friends .
i do them because i care about my country .
i do it because i believe it when i salute the flag in liberty and justice for all .
i do it because i believe in government of the people , by the people , for the people , and that includes the people who have the authority to enforce the constitution .
we are the people .
we are the ` ` we '' in we the people .
i believe we have to do whatever we can when we can , and this is something i can do , and i will do .
by the way , those who say : well , you are just taking up time .
we take up more time in between votes than it takes to vote on articles of impeachment .
we took up more time just recently in between votes than it takes to vote on articles of impeachment .
it does n't take up the time that prevents us from doing other things .
all of these things that people will say now in terms of why we ca n't do it , when we get the opportunity to by their standards , they will push all of these things aside and move forward .
well , i will be there with you .
i am not asking you to be here with me , but i will be there with you .
i will be there because it is the country , it is the constitution , and it is the republic that we must protect .
i promise you , friends , i will not be deterred .
there is no need , not that anybody would , but there is no need to try and dissuade me .
what happened in venezuela was an act of war .
the president does n't have the authority to do that without consulting with the congress .
the congress may very well conclude that you should n't do it .
maybe the congress does n't want to take over venezuela .
maybe the congress does n't want to do this to provide the oil companies with greater revenues .
maybe the congress has a different point of view .
your point of view is but one .
the congress has the right to have its point of view recognized as well .
i must -- others can do what they may .
i must take this stand .
i will take this stand .
this president will face articles of impeachment for his declaration of war based on his moral standards and his mind , based upon what he thinks he can do without congressional input .
i will take a stand .
i will bring the articles of impeachment .
mr. speaker , i yield back the balance of my time .
h.r. 909 be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled ,
mr. smith of nebraska .
madam speaker , i appreciate the diligent work of the full committee chairman , chairman smith , to prioritize this issue .
madam speaker , we have an opportunity to advance the bipartisan legacy of the african growth and opportunity act , a program which has been a pillar of u.s. trade and economic engagement throughout subsaharan africa .
as we all know , trade requires consistent engagement .
with over 17,000 tariff lines and complex supply chains , trade is a detailed and dynamic system which values certainty .
agoa is a unique opportunity to strengthen trading relationships through market signals and cooperation on our partners ' trade and investment policy , rule of law , as well as worker and human rights .
we can not sit on the sidelines while our global adversaries , including the chinese communist party , spread their malign influence across the continent .
as the trump administration engages on trade , agoa can be a complementary trade policy as we look to build mutually beneficial reciprocal trade .
though preference programs can be the foundation of our engagement with developing countries , they should never be the extent of it .
take kenya , for example .
it has been a beneficiary of the program since it began .
when agoa first went into effect in 2000 , kenya had very limited trade with the united states .
under agoa , kenya 's gdp has grown exponentially , as have their imports from the u.s.
as their economy has succeeded , so has their capacity for trade .
this was why i was so eager to see the first trump administration work to advance bilateral negotiations with kenya , and i hope to see continued progress with kenya and other potential partners .
as the world works to avoid overreliance on unreliable single sources , redundant supply chains for both inputs and markets for our outbound products are key .
stronger partnerships across africa can be a solution for many of these items , from critical minerals to agriculture .
with the fastest growing population and untapped economic potential , we must maintain reliable and proactive engagement across the continent .
madam speaker , again , i welcome all my colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan program .
ms. sewell .
madam speaker , i yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman from wisconsin ( ms. moore ) .
the clerk read the title of the bill .
ms. plaskett .
madam speaker , i yield myself such time as i may consume .
i rise today in support of h.r. 6504 , the haiti economic lift program extension act .
for over 15 years , haiti hope / help programs have supported both u.s. and haitian textile industries by granting haiti duty - free access for apparel and textile products .
building strong business ties between two neighboring nations , this bill , the haiti economic lift program extension act , reauthorizes the hope / help trade preference program for an additional 3 years , through december 2028 .
the bill also restores eligibility for certain textiles that were initially eligible for duty - free treatment but became ineligible due to changes in the harmonized tariff schedule .
i thank ranking member neal , chairman smith , and dr. murphy , and i especially thank my longtime friend and fellow georgetown university alumnus , haiti 's ambassador to the united states , lionel delatour , for their leadership in keeping the light of haiti hope / help alive here in the house of representatives .
many american manufacturers , as well as haitian civil society , have pushed for the extension of trade relations with haiti .
of course , we thank the committee 's trade staff , led by alexandra whittaker , mr. rueda , mr. o'donovan , as well as former u.s. trade representative ambassador katherine tai , who have supported our work to reauthorize the program for many years .
we all know that haiti faces overlapping humanitarian , political , and economic crises and needs both economic and political stability .
the circumstances require immediate action .
more than 60 percent of the people of haiti are living below poverty lines , and over 25 percent of the population live in extreme poverty .
the 37 percent youth unemployment rate , combined with declining female literacy and lower school enrollment rates , as well as the crime and gang violence we all know about , makes finding skilled work very difficult .
i include in the record links to two articles .
one is ` ` locked in transition : politics and violence in haiti , '' by the international crisis group .
the link can be found here : https://www.crisisgroup.org/ latin - america - caribbean / caribbean / haiti/107 - locked - transitionpolitics - and - violence - haiti
the second is the ` ` world report 2025 : rights trends in haiti . ''
the link can be found here : https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2025/countrychapters/ haiti madam speaker , the security crisis and political instability have been compounded by a dire humanitarian situation .
according to the world bank , over 64 percent of haiti 's population of 11.7 million lived on less than $ 3.65 per day in 2024 .
the world food programme has identified haiti as having one of the highest proportions of acute food insecure people in any crisis worldwide .
in a report covering august 2024 to february 2025 , about 5.5 million people require humanitarian assistance , and 4.5 million are facing acute food insecurity .
the apparel sector has incredible importance to haiti 's economy and is the foundation for the country 's economic development .
when we talk about the economic development of haiti , let 's not forget its history and the circumstances that have led to the crisis and compounded the situation that they are in .
many of us here in this chamber may be aware of haiti 's history , but i remind my colleagues of a critical fact : in 1825 , for their freedom , france demanded that haiti pay .
the initial debt was 150 million in gold , later reduced to 90 million in gold , which equals approximately $ 560 million in today 's currency .
it took haiti 122 years to pay off this ransom .
imagine the united states had been forced to compensate britain for our independence .
it is estimated that between $ 21 billion and $ 115 billion in economic losses have occurred because haiti had to pay this fee , a fee for freedom .
that has instead , of course , led to haiti 's economic dire straits that we see today .
it is our support of haiti , as well as the economic benefits to the united states that we receive through its apparel , which will help lift them .
given the cascading job losses and extreme security crisis , haiti can not afford to wait any longer for reauthorization of this vital program .
haiti is our strategic ally .
it is one of the few countries in the hemisphere that still recognizes taiwan .
u.s. support for haiti 's apparel sector is mutually beneficial .
haitian apparel utilizes a great deal of american - grown cotton , and when it is in place , it plays an essential role in shifting supply chains out of china and into the western hemisphere .
i thank my colleagues for supporting haiti and its people , and i thank them for supporting the caribbean hemisphere .
madam speaker , i reserve the balance of my time .
by mr. crawford ( for himself , ms. salazar , mr. steube , mr. austin scott of georgia , mr. lahood , and mr. kelly of mississippi ): h. res . 987 .
a resolution denouncing nicolas maduro 's authoritarian , despotic , and murderous regime and commending president trump for taking decisive action long called for by members of congress ; to the committee on foreign affairs , and in addition to the committee on the judiciary , for a period to be subsequently determined by the speaker , in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned .
mr. garamendi .
mr. speaker , i rise today to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of betty reid soskin , a trailblazer , public servant , and living witness to american history who used her 104 years of her life to the fullest .
born in 1921 , lived in the east bay since 1927 , when her family moved from new orleans .
she lived a life defined by courage , resilience , and an unwavering commitment to truth and justice .
she experienced firsthand the hardships of segregation , the challenges of wartime america , and the long struggle for civil rights , yet she transformed those experiences into a lifetime of public service and education .
as a young woman during world war ii , betty worked as a shipyard clerk for an all - black auxiliary lodge of the segregated boilermaker 's union .
in 1945 she and her husband founded one of the first black - owned music stores , which remained open until 2019 .
ms. soskin made history as the oldest active national park service ranger , serving at the rosie the riveter / world war ii home front national historical park in richmond , california .
through her work , she ensured that the stories of women , people of color , and working families who are often omitted from traditional historical narratives were finally heard and preserved .
her storytelling gave voice to generations whose contributions shaped our nation but were too often overlooked .
beyond her federal service , betty reid soskin has worked as staff to a berkeley city council member , a state assemblywoman , and a california state senator .
as well as a respected civil rights activist , author , educator , and community leader .
her life reminded us that history is not only something we study it is something we live , challenge , and improve .
even after surviving serious injury late in life , ms. soskin continued to inspire with her determination , grace , and clarity of purpose .
she taught us that patriotism includes honesty , that progress requires persistence , and that every generation has a responsibility to expand opportunity and justice .
betty reid soskin leaves behind an enduring legacy of service , truthtelling , and hope .
her life stands as a testament to the power of perseverance and the importance of ensuring that america 's full story is told .
i extend my deepest condolences to her family , loved ones , and all those whose lives were touched by her remarkable spirit .
her impact will be felt for generations , and i know the people of contra costa county , and our nation will join me in celebrating her life and legacy .
may we honor her memory by continuing the work she so passionately advanced and by striving , as she did , to build a more just and inclusive nation .
the presiding officer .
is there a sufficient second ?
there appears to be a sufficient second .
the yeas and nays are ordered .
amendment no . 4209 to amendment no . 4208
sec . _ _ _ .
database and webpage for information on billion-
administration .
( a )
in general.--for purposes of subsection ( b ) of section 1046 of the john s. mccain national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2019 ( public law 115 - 232 ; 49 u.s.c. 40101 note ) , the memorandum of agreement between the department of defense and the faa entered into on may 10 , 2024 , is deemed to be notice jointly submitted to the appropriate congressional committees for purposes of such subsection and subsection ( a ) of such section shall cease to be effective as of such date .
( b ) update and effect of memorandum of agreement.-- ( 1 ) update.--the secretary of transportation and the secretary of defense shall update the memorandum of understanding described in subsection ( a ) consistent with regulations issued by the administrator of the federal aviation administration pursuant to section 103(a)(2 ) .
( 2 ) effect of memorandum of agreement.--the memorandum of agreement described in subsection ( a ) shall remain in force subject to-- ( a ) any modifications made jointly by the secretary of transportation and the secretary of defense ; ( b ) termination by either such secretary ; or ( c ) modification or termination by law .
term of four years , vice j. c. raffety , term expired .
extraordinary and plenipotentiary of the united states of
( mrs. beatty asked and was given permission to address the house for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks . )
millennium challenge corporation the agreement includes $ 830,000,000 for millennium challenge corporation .
notifications.--pursuant to section 7015(a ) of the act and consistent with the criteria included in section 610(a ) of the millennium challenge act of 2003 ( 22 u.s.c. 7709 ) , the mcc ceo shall notify the appropriate congressional committees before terminating assistance made available under a compact or threshold program .
such notifications shall include : ( 1 ) the justification for the proposed termination , based on the requirements in section 611(a ) of 22 u.s.c. 7710 ; ( 2 ) actions required by mcc , including the board of directors , to effectuate the termination of assistance , and the anticipated timeline for each ; ( 3 ) details on the status of the compact or program , including individual activities , and the impact the termination will have on fulfilling the intended development objectives ; ( 4 ) a breakdown of funding that will be deobligated as a result of the termination , including any proposed reprogramming of funds ; ( 5 ) a summary of the financial and legal obligations of the partner country at the time of termination , including the recipient government 's co- investment and remaining obligations under the compact or threshold program ; and ( 6 ) risks of litigation arising from early contract , employment , and other terminations .
by ms. barragan ( for herself , mr. goldman of new york , mr. khanna , ms. bonamici , mr. evans of pennsylvania , mrs. watson coleman , ms. norton , mrs. ramirez , mr. mcgovern , ms. simon , mr. garcia of illinois , and mr. espaillat ): h.r. 7057 .
a bill to amend the omnibus crime control and safe streets act of 1968 to establish the reentry rental assistance and housing services grant program , and for other purposes ; to the committee on the judiciary , and in addition to the committee on financial services , for a period to be subsequently determined by the speaker , in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned .
h.r. 7050 .
congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : article i , section 8 , clause 3
commerce , justice , science ; energy and water development ; and interior
the acting president pro tempore .
without objection , it is so ordered .
recognition of the minority leader the democratic leader is recognized .
housing costs
pregnant students ' rights act -- motion to proceed
the following named officer for appointment to the grade
the speaker pro tempore .
the chair will lead the house in the pledge of allegiance .
the speaker pro tempore led the pledge of allegiance as follows : i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america , and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under god , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all .
modules for small business concerns .
` ` ( a )
in general.--the administrator shall-- ` ` ( 1 ) establish and maintain educational resources and modules for small business concerns with information on artificial intelligence tools ; and ` ` ( 2 ) make such educational resources and modules publicly available on an existing online learning platform of the administration .
` ` ( b ) contents.--the educational resources and modules established under subsection ( a ) shall include , to the extent practicable , information on-- ` ` ( 1 ) how artificial intelligence models work , including the limits of the capabilities of such models , and how such limits affect the outputs of such tools ; ` ` ( 2 ) how to determine if software outputs are generated with the use of artificial intelligence ; ` ` ( 3 ) how to remain updated on the emergence , development , and technological maturation of artificial intelligence ; ` ` ( 4 ) how to understand and remain updated on the policies , terms , and conditions applicable to users of artificial intelligence ; ` ` ( 5 ) best practices in coordinating with third - party providers of artificial intelligence tools ; ` ` ( 6 ) how to effectively identify , evaluate , and manage the risks of artificial intelligence ; ` ` ( 7 ) how to ensure the privacy of user inputs to artificial intelligence tools ; ` ` ( 8) how to retain human involvement in important decisions informed by recommendations made by artificial intelligence ; ` ` ( 9 ) how to identify tasks and functions that artificial intelligence can reliably and effectively perform , including whether artificial intelligence can improve operations , productivity , or customer service ; and ` ` ( 10 ) how to determine whether an artificial intelligence tool adequately fills a need and is worth adopting .
` ` ( c ) accuracy and maintenance.-- ` ` ( 1 )
in general.--to the extent practicable , the administrator shall ensure that the information contained in the educational resources and modules established under subsection ( a ) is factually accurate and current , including by consulting with-- ` ` ( a ) the director of the national institute of standards and technology ; and ` ` ( b ) the advisory working group established under paragraph ( 2 ) .
` ` ( 2 ) advisory working group.-- ` ` ( a ) establishment.--the administrator shall establish a working group ( in this paragraph referred to as the ` advisory working group ' ) with which the administrator shall consult on an ongoing basis regarding the information contained in the educational resources and modules established under subsection ( a ) .
` ` ( b ) duties.--the duties of the advisory working group shall include the identification and recommendation of relevant information to the administrator for inclusion in the educational resources and modules established under subsection ( a ) .
` ` ( c ) members.--the advisory working group shall be comprised of the following members , who shall be selected by the administrator : ` ` ( i ) individuals with demonstrated expertise in artificial intelligence , including-- ` ` ( i ) not less than one individual from the private sector ; ` ` ( ii ) not less than one individual from academia ; ` ` ( iii ) not less than one individual from an organization with demonstrated expertise in ensuring artificial intelligence outputs-- ` ` ( aa ) are reliable , secure , transparent , and not used for illegal purposes ; and ` ` ( bb ) which protect user privacy ; and ` ` ( iv ) not less than one individual with demonstrated expertise in the creation of educational or professional development materials regarding artificial intelligence .
` ` ( ii ) individuals with demonstrated expertise in outreach to small business concerns , including-- ` ` ( i ) not less than one individual from each resource partner ; ` ` ( ii ) not less than one individual from a district office of the administration ; and ` ` ( iii ) not less than one individual from an association representing small business concerns .
` ` ( d ) vacancies.--any vacancy in the advisory working group shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment .
` ` ( e ) inapplicability of faca.--the requirements of chapter 10 of title 5 , united states code , shall not apply to the advisory working group established under this paragraph .
` ` ( 3 ) incorporation of information in educational resources and modules.--in establishing and maintaining the educational resources and modules under subsection ( a ) , the administrator-- ` ` ( a ) shall consider relevant , existing information developed by resource partners ; ` ` ( b ) may consider relevant , existing information developed by private entities ; and ` ` ( c ) may incorporate information described in subparagraphs ( a ) and ( b ) into such educational resources and modules .
` ` ( d ) resource partner involvement.-- ` ` ( 1 )
in general.--the administrator shall coordinate with resource partners to disseminate information to raise the awareness of small business concerns about availability of the educational resources and modules established under subsection ( a ) .
` ` ( 2 ) specialized and localized educational resource development.--resource partners may develop specialized and localized training resources to more effectively disseminate the information in the educational resources and modules established under subsection ( a ) , including by incorporating information on uses of artificial intelligence tools common to the community served by such resource partner .
` ` ( e ) manner.--the administrator shall ensure that the information in the educational resources and modules established under subsection ( a)-- ` ` ( 1 ) is actionable and presented in a manner that is easily comprehensible by small business concerns ; ` ` ( 2 ) does not give preference to a particular artificial intelligence model or tool over similar such models or tools ; and ` ` ( 3 ) does not give preference to an artificial intelligence model or tool developed by a specific entity or group of entities over an artificial intelligence model or tool developed by another entity or group of entities .
` ` ( f ) artificial intelligence defined.--in this section , the term ` artificial intelligence ' has the meaning given such term in section 5002 of the william m. ( mac ) thornberry national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2021 ( 15
h.r. 7173 .
congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : article i , section 8
section 1 . short title .
this act may be cited as the ` ` consolidated appropriations act , 2026 '' .
sec . 6220 .
requiring enhanced and accurate lists of ( real )
general provisions ( including transfers and rescissions of funds )
sec . 501 .
no part of any appropriation contained in this act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein .
sec . 502 .
subject to the requirements of section 503 of this act , the unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this act may be transferred to appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this act , may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts , and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted .
sec . 503 . ( a ) none of the funds provided by this act , provided by previous appropriations acts to the components in or transferred to the department of homeland security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2026 , or provided from any accounts in the treasury of the united states derived by the collection of fees available to the components funded by this act , shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that-- ( 1 ) creates or eliminates a program , project , or activity , or increases funds for any program , project , or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the congress ; ( 2 ) contracts out any function or activity presently performed by federal employees or any new function or activity proposed to be performed by federal employees in the president 's budget proposal for fiscal year 2026 for the department of homeland security ; ( 3 ) augments funding for existing programs , projects , or activities in excess of $ 5,000,000 or 10 percent , whichever is less ; ( 4 ) reduces funding for any program , project , or activity , or numbers of personnel , by 10 percent or more ; or ( 5 ) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel that would result in a change in funding levels for programs , projects , or activities as approved by the congress .
( b ) subsection ( a ) shall not apply if the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate are notified at least 30 days in advance of such reprogramming .
( c ) up to 5 percent of any appropriation made available for the current fiscal year for the department of homeland security by this act or provided by previous appropriations acts may be transferred between such appropriations if the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate are notified at least 30 days in advance of such transfer , but no such appropriation , except as otherwise specifically provided , shall be increased by more than 10 percent by such transfer .
( d ) notwithstanding subsections ( a ) , ( b ) , and ( c ) , no funds shall be reprogrammed within or transferred between appropriations-- ( 1 ) based upon an initial notification provided after june 15 , except in extraordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the protection of property ; ( 2 ) to increase or decrease funding for grant programs ; or ( 3 ) to create a program , project , or activity pursuant to subsection ( a)(1 ) , including any new function or requirement within any program , project , or activity , not approved by congress in the consideration of the enactment of this act .
( e ) the notification thresholds and procedures set forth in subsections ( a ) , ( b ) , ( c ) , and ( d ) shall apply to any use of deobligated balances of funds provided in previous department of homeland security appropriations acts that remain available for obligation in the current year .
( f ) notwithstanding subsection ( c ) , the secretary of homeland security may transfer to the fund established by 8 u.s.c. 1101 note , up to $ 20,000,000 from appropriations available to the department of homeland security : provided , that the secretary shall notify the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate at least 5 days in advance of such transfer .
sec .
504 .
( a ) section 504 of the department of homeland security appropriations act , 2017 ( division f of public law 115 - 31 ) , related to the operations of a working capital fund , shall apply with respect to funds made available in this act in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that act .
( b ) funds from such working capital fund may be obligated and expended in anticipation of reimbursements from components of the department of homeland security .
sec . 505 . ( a ) except as otherwise specifically provided by law , not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2026 , as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogramming notification , but not later than june 15 , 2027 , from appropriations for ` ` operations and support '' for fiscal year 2026 in this act shall remain available through september 30 , 2027 , in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided .
( b ) prior to the obligation of such funds , a notification shall be submitted to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate in accordance with section 503 of this act .
sec . 506 . ( a ) funds made available by this act for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the congress for purposes of section 504 of the national security act of 1947 ( 50 u.s.c. 414 ) during fiscal year 2026 until the enactment of an act authorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2026 .
( b ) amounts described in subsection ( a ) made available for ` ` intelligence , analysis , and situational awareness-- operations and support '' that exceed the amounts in such authorization for such account shall be transferred to and merged with amounts made available under the heading ` ` management directorate -- operations and support '' .
( c ) prior to the obligation of any funds transferred under subsection ( b ) , the undersecretary for management shall brief the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate on a plan for the use of such funds .
sec . 507 . ( a ) the secretary of homeland security , or the designee of the secretary , shall notify the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate at least three full business days in advance of--
( 1 ) making or awarding a grant allocation or grant in excess of $ 1,000,000 or a grant made from the disaster relief fund in excess of $ 100,000 ; ( 2 ) making or awarding a contract , other transaction agreement , or task or delivery order on a multiple award contract , or to issue a letter of intent totaling in excess of $ 2,000,000 ; ( 3 ) awarding a task or delivery order requiring an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $ 5,000,000 from multi - year department of homeland security funds ; ( 4 ) making a sole - source grant award ; or ( 5 ) announcing publicly the intention to make or award items under paragraph ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 3 ) , or ( 4 ) including a contract covered by the federal acquisition regulation .
( b ) if the secretary of homeland security determines that compliance with this section would pose a substantial risk to human life , health , or safety , an award may be made without notification , and the secretary shall notify the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate not later than three full business days after such an award is made or letter issued .
( c ) a notification under this section-- ( 1 ) may not involve funds that are not available for obligation ; and ( 2 ) shall include the amount of the award ; the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated ; the type of contract ; and the account from which the funds are being drawn .
sec . 508 .
notwithstanding any other provision of law , no agency shall purchase , construct , or lease any additional facilities , except within or contiguous to existing locations , to be used for the purpose of conducting federal law enforcement training without advance notification to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate , except that the federal law enforcement training centers is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease , contract , or other agreement for training that can not be accommodated in existing centers ' facilities .
sec . 509 .
none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this act may be used for expenses for any construction , repair , alteration , or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40 , united states code , has not been approved , except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus .
sec . 510 .
sections 522 and 530 of the department of homeland security appropriations act , 2008 ( division e of public law 110 - 161 ; 121 stat . 2073 and 2074 ) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this act in the same manner as such sections applied to funds made available in that act .
sec . 511 . ( a ) none of the funds made available in this act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the buy american act .
( b ) for purposes of subsection ( a ) , the term ` ` buy american act '' means chapter 83 of title 41 , united states code .
sec . 512 .
none of the funds made available in this act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the immigration and nationality act ( 8 u.s.c. 1448 ) .
sec . 513 . ( a ) none of the funds provided or otherwise made available by this act may be made available to carry out section 872 of the homeland security act of 2002 ( 6 u.s.c. 452 ) unless explicitly authorized by the congress after the date of enactment of this act .
( b ) subsection ( a ) shall not apply to the use of the authorities provided by such section 872 - - ( 1 ) to allocate or reallocate the functions of the assistant secretary for the countering weapons of mass destruction office to other offices and organizational units within the department consistent with the ` ` countering weapons of mass destruction '' table in the explanatory statement described in section 4 ( in the matter preceding division a of this consolidated act ) ; or ( 2 ) to allocate or reallocate any other functions of the countering weapons of mass destruction office to other offices and organizational units within the department consistent with the ` ` countering weapons of mass destruction '' table in the explanatory statement described in section 4 ( in the matter preceding division a of this consolidated act ) .
( c ) notwithstanding subsection ( a ) , the secretary may transfer funds made available in prior appropriations acts to the countering weapons of mass destruction office between any appropriations available to the department as necessary to carry out the purposes described in subsection ( b ) .
sec . 514 .
none of the funds made available in this act may be used for planning , testing , piloting , or developing a national identification card .
sec . 515 .
any official that is required by this act to report or to certify to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate may not delegate such authority to perform that act unless specifically authorized herein .
sec .
516 .
none of the funds made available in this act may be used for first - class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this act in contravention of sections 301 - 10.122 through 301 - 10.124 of title 41 , code of federal regulations .
sec .
517 .
none of the funds made available in this act may be used to employ workers described in section 274a(h)(3 ) of the immigration and nationality act ( 8 u.s.c. 1324a(h)(3 ) ) .
sec . 518 .
notwithstanding any other provision of this act , none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory performance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract .
sec . 519 . ( a ) none of the funds made available in this act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing , downloading , and exchanging of pornography .
( b ) nothing in subsection ( a ) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any federal , state , tribal , territorial , or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations , prosecution , or adjudication activities .
sec .
520 .
none of the funds made available in this act may be used by a federal law enforcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the united states continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times .
sec .
521 . ( a ) none of the funds made available in this act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the department of homeland security , who are stationed in the united states , at a single international conference unless the secretary of homeland security , or a designee , determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate within at least 10 days of that determination and the basis for that determination .
( b ) for purposes of this section the term ` ` international conference '' shall mean a conference occurring outside of the united states attended by representatives of the united states government and of foreign governments , international organizations , or nongovernmental organizations .
( c ) the total cost to the department of homeland security of any such conference shall not exceed $ 500,000 .
( d ) employees who attend a conference virtually without travel away from their permanent duty station within the united states shall not be counted for purposes of this section , and the prohibition contained in this section shall not apply to payments for the costs of attendance for such employees .
sec . 522 .
none of the funds made available in this act may be used to reimburse any federal department or agency for its participation in a national special security event .
sec . 523 .
( a ) none of the funds made available to the department of homeland security by this or any other act may be obligated for the implementation of any structural pay reform or the introduction of any new position classification that will affect more than 100 full - time positions or costs more than $ 5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30 - day period beginning on the date on which the secretary of homeland security submits to congress a notification that includes-- ( 1 ) the number of full - time positions affected by such change ; ( 2 ) funding required for such change for the current fiscal year and through the future years homeland security program ; ( 3 ) justification for such change ; and ( 4 ) for a structural pay reform , an analysis of compensation alternatives to such change that were considered by the department .
( b ) subsection ( a ) shall not apply to such change if-- ( 1 ) it was proposed in the president 's budget proposal for the fiscal year funded by this act ; and ( 2 ) funds for such change have not been explicitly denied or restricted in this act .
sec . 524 . ( a ) any agency receiving funds made available in this act shall , subject to subsections ( b ) and ( c ) , post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate in this act , upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest .
( b ) subsection ( a ) shall not apply to a report if-- ( 1 ) the public posting of the report compromises homeland or national security ; or ( 2 ) the report contains proprietary information .
( c ) the head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate for not less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law .
( d ) if the requirements of this section are not met , the reprogramming and transfer authority provided in section 503 of this act shall be suspended until the requirements of subsection ( a ) are met .
sec .
525 .
( a ) funding provided in this act for ` ` operations and support '' may be used for minor procurement , construction , and improvements .
( b ) for purposes of subsection ( a ) , ` ` minor '' refers to end items with a unit cost of $ 250,000 or less for personal property , and $ 4,000,000 or less for real property .
sec . 526 .
the authority provided by section 532 of the department of homeland security appropriations act , 2018 ( public law 115 - 141 ) regarding primary and secondary schooling of dependents shall continue in effect during fiscal year 2026 .
sec .
527 .
( a ) except as provided in subsection ( b ) , none of the funds made available in this act may be used to place restraints on a woman in the custody of the department of homeland security ( including during transport , in a detention facility , or at an outside medical facility ) who is pregnant or in post - delivery recuperation .
( b ) subsection ( a ) shall not apply with respect to a pregnant woman if-- ( 1 ) an appropriate official of the department of homeland security makes an individualized determination that the woman-- ( a ) is a serious flight risk , and such risk can not be prevented by other means ; or ( b ) poses an immediate and serious threat to harm herself or others that can not be prevented by other means ; or ( 2 ) a medical professional responsible for the care of the pregnant woman determines that the use of therapeutic restraints is appropriate for the medical safety of the woman .
( c ) if a pregnant woman is restrained pursuant to subsection ( b ) , only the safest and least restrictive restraints , as determined by the appropriate medical professional treating the woman , may be used .
in no case may restraints be used on a woman who is in active labor or delivery , and in no case may a pregnant woman be restrained in a face - down position with four - point restraints , on her back , or in a restraint belt that constricts the area of the pregnancy .
a pregnant woman who is immobilized by restraints shall be positioned , to the maximum extent feasible , on her left side .
sec . 528 .
( a ) none of the funds made available by this act may be used to destroy any document , recording , or other record pertaining to any-- ( 1 ) death of ; ( 2 ) potential sexual assault or abuse perpetrated against ; or ( 3 ) allegation of abuse , criminal activity , or disruption committed by an individual held in the custody of the department of homeland security .
( b ) the records referred to in subsection ( a ) shall be made available , in accordance with applicable laws and regulations , and federal rules governing disclosure in litigation , to an individual who has been charged with a crime , been placed into segregation , or otherwise punished as a result of an allegation described in paragraph ( 3 ) , upon the request of such individual .
sec .
529 .
section 519 of division f of public law 114 - 113 , regarding a prohibition on funding for any position designated as a principal federal official , shall apply with respect to any federal funds in the same manner as such section applied to funds made available in that act .
sec .
530 . ( a ) not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the president for a fiscal year is submitted to congress pursuant to section 1105(a ) of title 31 , united states code , the under secretary for management of homeland security shall submit to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate a report on the unfunded priorities , for the department of homeland security and separately for each departmental component , for which discretionary funding would be classified as budget function 050 .
( b ) each report under this section shall specify , for each such unfunded priority-- ( 1 ) a summary description , including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded ( whether in whole or in part ) ; ( 2 ) the description , including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded ( whether in whole or in part ) ; ( 3 ) account information , including the following ( as applicable ): ( a ) appropriation account ; and ( b ) program , project , or activity name ; and ( 4 ) the additional number of full - time or part - time positions to be funded as part of such priority .
( c ) in this section , the term ` ` unfunded priority '' , in the case of a fiscal year , means a requirement that-- ( 1 ) is not funded in the budget referred to in subsection ( a ) ; ( 2 ) is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational or contingency plan for the department ; and ( 3 ) would have been recommended for funding through the budget referred to in subsection ( a ) if-- ( a ) additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the requirement ; ( b ) the requirement has emerged since the budget was formulated ; or ( c ) the requirement is necessary to sustain prior - year investments .
sec . 531 . ( a ) not later than 10 days after a determination is made by the president to evaluate and initiate protection under any authority for a former or retired government official or employee , or for an individual who , during the duration of the directed protection , will become a former or retired government official or employee ( referred to in this section as a ` ` covered individual '' ) , the secretary of homeland security shall submit a notification to congressional leadership and the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate , the committees on the judiciary of the house of representatives and the senate , the committee on homeland security of the house of representatives , the committee on homeland security and governmental affairs of the senate , and the committee on oversight and reform of the house of representatives ( referred to in this section as the ` ` appropriate congressional committees '' ) .
( b ) such notification may be submitted in classified form , if necessary , and in consultation with the director of national intelligence or the director of the federal bureau of investigation , as appropriate , and shall include the threat assessment , scope of the protection , and the anticipated cost and duration of such protection .
( c ) not later than 15 days before extending , or 30 days before terminating , protection for a covered individual , the secretary of homeland security shall submit a notification regarding the extension or termination and any change to the threat assessment to the congressional leadership and the appropriate congressional committees .
( d ) not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this act , and quarterly thereafter , the secretary shall submit a report to the congressional leadership and the appropriate congressional committees , which may be submitted in classified form , if necessary , detailing each covered individual , and the scope and associated cost of protection .
sec . 532 . ( a ) none of the funds provided to the department of homeland security in this or any prior act may be used by an agency to submit an initial project proposal to the technology modernization fund ( as authorized by section 1078 of subtitle g of title x of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2018 ( public law 115 - 91 ) )
unless , concurrent with the submission of an initial project proposal to the technology modernization board , the head of the agency-- ( 1 ) notifies the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate of the proposed submission of the project proposal ; ( 2 ) submits to the committees on appropriations a copy of the project proposal ; and ( 3 ) provides a detailed analysis of how the proposed project funding would supplement or supplant funding requested as part of the department 's most recent budget submission .
( b ) none of the funds provided to the department of homeland security by the technology modernization fund shall be available for obligation until 15 days after a report on such funds has been transmitted to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate .
( c ) the report described in subsection ( b ) shall include-- ( 1 ) the full project proposal submitted to and approved by the fund 's technology modernization board ; ( 2 ) the finalized interagency agreement between the department and the fund including the project 's deliverables and repayment terms , as applicable ; ( 3 ) a detailed analysis of how the project will supplement or supplant existing funding available to the department for similar activities ; ( 4 ) a plan for how the department will repay the fund , including specific planned funding sources , as applicable ; and ( 5 ) other information as determined by the secretary .
sec . 533 .
within 60 days of any budget submission for the department of homeland security for fiscal year 2027 that assumes revenues or proposes a reduction from the previous year based on user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submission of the budget , the secretary of homeland security shall provide the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate specific reductions in proposed discretionary budget authority commensurate with the revenues assumed in such proposals in the event that they are not enacted prior to october 1 , 2026 .
sec . 534 .
none of the funds made available by this act may be obligated or expended to implement the arms trade treaty until the senate approves a resolution of ratification for the treaty .
sec . 535 .
no federal funds made available to the department of homeland security may be used to enter into a procurement contract , memorandum of understanding , or cooperative agreement with , or make a grant to , or provide a loan or guarantee to , any entity identified under section 1260h of the william m. ( mac ) thornberry national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2021 ( public law 116 - 283 ) or any subsidiary of such entity .
sec . 536 .
none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other act may be used to transfer , release , or assist in the transfer or release to or within the united states , its territories , or possessions khalid sheikh mohammed or any other detainee who-- ( 1 ) is not a united states citizen or a member of the armed forces of the united states ; and ( 2 ) is or was held on or after june 24 , 2009 , at the united states naval station , guantanamo bay , cuba , by the department of defense .
sec . 537 . ( a ) the secretary of homeland security shall , on a monthly basis beginning immediately after the date of enactment of this act , develop estimates of the number of migrants anticipated to arrive at the southwest border of the united states .
( b ) the secretary shall ensure that , at a minimum , the estimates developed pursuant to subsection ( a)-- ( 1 ) cover the current fiscal year and the following fiscal year ; ( 2 ) include a breakout by demographic , to include single adults , family units , and unaccompanied children ; ( 3 ) undergo an independent validation and verification review ; ( 4 ) are used to inform policy planning and budgeting processes within the department of homeland security ; and ( 5 ) are included in the budget materials submitted to congress for each fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this act and in support of-- ( a ) the president 's annual budget request pursuant to section 1105 of title 31 , united states code ; ( b ) any supplemental funding request submitted to congress ; ( c ) any reprogramming and transfer notification pursuant to section 503 of this act ; and ( d ) such budget materials shall include-- ( i ) the most recent monthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection ( a ) ; ( ii ) a description and quantification of the estimates used to justify funding requests for department programs related to border security , immigration enforcement , and immigration services ; ( iii ) a description and quantification of the anticipated workload and requirements resulting from such estimates ; and ( iv ) a confirmation as to whether the budget requests for impacted agencies were developed using the same estimates .
( c )
the secretary shall share the monthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection ( a ) with the secretary of health and human services , the attorney general , the secretary of state , and the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate .
( d ) if the monthly estimates described in subsection ( b ) are not provided for the purposes described , the reprogramming and transfer authority provided in section 503 of this act shall be suspended until such time as the required estimates are provided to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate .
sec .
538 . ( a ) the secretary of homeland security shall , on a monthly basis beginning immediately after the date of enactment of this act , develop estimates of the number of individuals anticipated to be detained in and removed from the united states .
( b ) the secretary shall ensure that , at a minimum , the estimates developed pursuant to subsection ( a)-- ( 1 ) cover the current fiscal year and the following fiscal year ; ( 2 ) include a breakout by demographics , to include single adults and family units ; ( 3 ) undergo an independent validation and verification review ; ( 4 ) are used to inform policy planning and budgeting processes within the department of homeland security ; and ( 5 ) are included in the budget materials submitted to congress for each fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this act and in support of-- ( a ) the president 's annual budget request pursuant to section 1105 of title 31 , united states code ; ( b ) any supplemental funding request submitted to congress ; ( c ) any reprogramming and transfer notification pursuant to section 503 of this act ; and ( d ) such budget materials shall include-- ( i ) the most recent monthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection ( a ) ; ( ii ) a description and quantification of the estimates used to justify funding requests for department programs related to border security , immigration enforcement , and immigration services ; ( iii ) a description and quantification of the anticipated workload and requirements resulting from such estimates ; and ( iv ) a confirmation as to whether the budget requests for impacted agencies were developed using the same estimates .
( c )
the secretary shall share the monthly estimates developed pursuant to subsection ( a ) with the attorney general , the secretary of state , and the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate .
( d ) if the monthly estimates described in subsection ( b ) are not provided for the purposes described , the reprogramming and transfer authority provided in section 503 of this act shall be suspended until such time as the required estimates are provided to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate .
sec .
539 .
( a ) prior to the secretary of homeland security requesting assistance from the department of defense for border security operations , the secretary shall ensure that an alternatives analysis and cost - benefit analysis is conducted before such request is made , which shall include an examination of obtaining such support through other means .
( b ) not later than 30 days after the date on which a request for assistance is made , the secretary of homeland security shall submit to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate a report detailing the types of support requested , the alternatives analysis and cost - benefit analysis described in subsection ( a ) , and the operational impact to department of homeland security operations of any department of defense border security support requested by the secretary .
( c ) not later than 30 days after the date on which a request made for assistance is granted and quarterly thereafter through the duration of such assistance , the secretary of homeland security shall submit to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate , a report detailing the assistance provided and the operational impacts to border security operations .
sec . 540 .
funds made available in this act or any other act for operations and support may be used for the necessary expenses of providing an employee emergency back - up care program .
sec .
541 .
( a ) not less than $ 5,000,000 made available in this act shall be transferred to ` ` u.s. immigration and customs enforcement -- operations and support '' to support and conduct necessary operations of the blue campaign for fiscal year 2026 .
( b ) prior to the obligation of funds made available by subsection ( a ) , notification shall be submitted to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate .
sec . 542 . ( a )
if the reporting requirement set forth in paragraph ( 2 ) under the heading ` ` federal emergency management agency -- disaster relief fund '' in the department of homeland security appropriations act , 2015 ( public law 114 - 4 ) , as applied in this fiscal year by section 306 of this act , is not submitted to the committees on appropriations of the house of representatives and the senate and published on the agency 's website not later than the fifth business day of the applicable month , the amount made available for ` ` office of the secretary and executive management -- operations and support -- management and oversight '' shall be reduced by $ 100,000 for each day such report is not submitted and published on the agency 's website .
( b ) during any period in which the total number of requests for reimbursement for a covered expense for individual assistance or public assistance related to emergency ( 42 u.s.c. 5122(1 ) ) or major disaster ( 42 u.s.c. 5122(2 ) ) declarations under the robert t. stafford disaster relief and emergency assistance act ( 42 u.s.c. 5121 et seq . )
that the department of homeland security has been considering under final review for greater than 60 days exceeds 500 , the amount made available for ` ` office of the secretary and executive management -- operations and support -- management and oversight '' shall be reduced by $ 100,000 for each day during such period on which the cumulative total of requests over 60 days in final review exceeds 500 .
( c ) subsection ( b ) shall not apply if the balance of funding for the disaster relief fund is sufficient only for the purpose of obligating funds for activities determined to be lifesaving or life - sustaining .
sec . 543 .
section 16005(c ) of title vi of division b of the coronavirus aid , relief , and economic security act ( public law 116 - 136 ) shall be applied as if the language read as follows : ` ` subsection ( a ) shall apply until september 30 , 2026 . '' .
sec . 544 .
the levels for appropriations accounts specified for classified programs in this act shall conform to the direction included in the classified annex accompanying this act and shall be implemented in a manner consistent with section 545 .
sec . 545 .
upon a determination by the director of national intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest , the director may , with the approval of the secretary of homeland security and the director of the office of management and budget , transfer amounts for the national intelligence program consistent with the percentage caps specified in section 503(c ): provided , that such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items , based on unforeseen intelligence requirements , than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the congress : provided further , that a request for any transfer of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made consistent with the requirements of section 503(d)(1 ) .
sec . 546 .
within seven days of the date of enactment of this act , and quarterly thereafter , the department shall submit to the committees on appropriation of the house of representatives and the senate-- ( 1 ) an obligation plan by program , project , or activity for each component receiving funds from public law 119 - 21 ; ( 2 ) estimated fee collections for each component collecting new or enhanced fees authorized by public law 119 - 21 , delineated by collections that a component will retain and collections that a component will remit to other agencies or the treasury ; and ( 3 ) an obligation plan by program , project , or activity for fee collections identified in paragraph ( 2 ) as being retained by a component within the department .
sec . 547 . ( a ) none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the department of homeland security by this act may be used to prevent any of the following persons from entering , for the purpose of conducting oversight , any facility operated by or for the department of homeland security used to detain or otherwise house aliens , or to make any temporary modification at any such facility that in any way alters what is observed by a visiting member of congress or such designated employee , compared to what would be observed in the absence of such modification : ( 1 ) a member of congress .
( 2 ) an employee of the united states house of representatives or the united states senate designated by such a member for the purposes of this section .
( b ) nothing in this section may be construed to require a member of congress to provide prior notice of the intent to enter a facility described in subsection ( a ) for the purpose of conducting oversight .
( c ) with respect to individuals described in subsection ( a)(2 ) , the department of homeland security may require that a request be made at least 24 hours in advance of an intent to enter a facility described in subsection ( a ) .
sec . 548 .
in addition to amounts otherwise made available for such purposes , there is appropriated $ 30,000,000 , for an additional amount for ` ` the judiciary -- supreme court of the united states -- salaries and expenses '' , to remain available until september 30 , 2028 :
provided , that amounts made available pursuant to this section shall be subject to the same authorities and conditions as if such amounts were provided under the heading ` ` the judiciary -- supreme court of the united states -- salaries and expenses '' in the financial services and general government appropriations act , 2026 .
sec .
549 .
there is appropriated $ 140,000,000 for an additional amount for ` ` department of transportation - federal aviation administration - operations '' for air traffic organization activities , to remain available until september 30 , 2027 :
provided , that the administrator of the federal aviation administration shall only use such amounts to provide a rate of pay increase for calendar year 2026 of 3.8 percent , for air traffic controllers , as defined by section 2109(1)(a ) of title 5 , united states code , and air traffic controller supervisors or managers who are not covered under such section , but who manage air traffic : provided further , that such adjustment shall be implemented for all such employees only to the extent the administrator determines , in his sole discretion , that improvements in workforce scheduling , staffing utilization , or other operational efficiencies are achieved that contribute to addressing workforce shortfalls and enhancing aviation safety : provided further , that if the administrator makes such determination , then such adjustment shall be effective the first pay period beginning after january 1 , 2026 :
provided further , that amounts provided by this section shall be subject to the same authorities and conditions as if such amounts were provided by the department of transportation appropriations act , 2026 .
sec .
550 . ( a ) of the total amount provided under the heading ` ` cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency-- operations and support '' , $ 99,750,000 shall be derived by transfer from the unobligated balances of amounts previously appropriated under the heading ` ` cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency -- cybersecurity response and recovery fund '' in division j of the infrastructure investment and jobs act ( public law 117 - 58 ) .
( b ) amounts derived by transfer pursuant to this section shall continue to be treated as amounts specified in section 103(b ) of division a of public law 118 - 5 . ( rescissions of funds )
sec . 551 .
of the funds appropriated to the department of homeland security , the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts :
provided , that no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the balanced budget and emergency deficit control act of 1985 : ( 1 ) $ 73,327,000 from the unobligated balances available in the ` ` management directorate -- procurement , construction , and improvements '' account ( 70 22/26 0406 ) .
( 2 ) $ 6,713,000 from the unobligated balances available in the ` ` u.s. customs and border protection -- operations and support '' account ( 70 x 0530 ) .
( 3 ) $ 387,000 from the unobligated balances available in the ` ` u.s. customs and border protection -- automation modernization '' account ( 70 x 0531 ) .
( 4 ) $ 917,000 from the unobligated balances available in the ` ` u.s. customs and border protection -- procurement , construction , and improvements '' account ( 70 x 0532 ) .
( 5 ) $ 6,336,000 from the unobligated balances available in the ` ` u.s. customs and border protection -- border security fencing , infrastructure , and technology '' account ( 70 x 0533 ) .
( 6 ) $ 1,413,000 from the unobligated balances available in the ` ` u.s. customs and border protection -- air and marine interdiction , operations , maintenance , and procurement '' account ( 70 x 0544 ) .
( 7 ) $ 172,000 from the unobligated balances available in the ` ` cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency--
infrastructure protection and infrastructure security '' account ( 70 x 0565 ) .
sec . 552 .
the following unobligated balances made available to the department of homeland security pursuant to section 505 of the department of homeland security appropriations act , 2024 ( public law 118 - 47 ) , as incorporated by section 1101 of the full - year continuing appropriations act , 2025 ( public law 119 - 4 ) , are rescinded : ( 1 ) $ 2,072,147 from ` ` office of the secretary and executive management -- operations and support '' .
( 2 ) $ 5,487,177 from ` ` management directorate -- operations and support '' .
( 3 ) $ 4,493,650 from ` ` intelligence , analysis , and situational awareness -- operations and support '' .
( 4 ) $ 88,190 from ` ` office of the inspector general--
operations and support '' .
( 5 ) $ 1,139,096 from ` ` u.s. customs and border protection-- operations and support '' .
( 6 ) $ 19,650,000 from ` ` transportation security administration -- operations and support '' .
( 7 ) $ 703,390 from ` ` united states secret service-- operations and support '' .
( 8) $ 52,349,050 from ` ` cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency -- operations and support '' .
( 9 ) $ 18,525,975 from ` ` federal emergency management agency -- operations and support '' .
( 10 ) $ 120,860 from ` ` u.s. citizenship and immigration services -- operations and support '' .
( 11 ) $ 178,340 from ` ` science and technology directorate-- operations and support '' .
( 12 ) $ 6,937,020 from ` ` countering weapons of mass destruction office -- operations and support '' .
sec .
553 .
of the unobligated balances in the ` ` department of homeland security nonrecurring expenses fund '' established in section 538 of division f of public law 117 - 103 , $ 2,362,000 are hereby rescinded .
this division may be cited as the ` ` department of homeland security appropriations act , 2026 '' .
by mr. gill of texas : h.j. res . 142 .
congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : article 1 , section 8
buildings and facilities buildings and facilities.--the agreement includes $ 40,000,000 in funding to make progress on cdc 's backlog of maintenance and repairs , including at its atlanta campuses .
h.r. 7262 .
congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : section 8 of article i of the constitution
by ms. cortez masto ( for herself , ms. rosen , mr. padilla , and mr. schiff ): s. 3695 .
a bill to amend public law 96 - 586 to modernize the authority of the forest service to acquire and administer land under that act , and for other purposes ; to the committee on energy and natural resources .
mr. schmitt .
would n't you agree that the reason we are here -- if it were about ice or if it were about dhs
or if it were about president trump , you would see this everywhere in the country .
the fact of the matter is , the incidents of violence against ice agents is 500 times more likely in 9 sanctuary counties in this country , and so minneapolis has become the epicenter .
why ?
because the local law enforcement does n't help ice agents .
they are having to do the job that local law enforcement might do .
they are not telling them when criminals are being released on the streets .
think about that , that the american people know of the murderers and rapists and child molesters who are illegal immigrants and that we are not going to tell federal law enforcement about it because you want everybody to stay here indefinitely .
that is insane , and that is why it is dangerous .
it is dangerous .
sec .
5 . extension of certain limits on payments of pension .
section 5503(d)(7 ) of title 38 , united states code , is amended by striking ` ` january 31 , 2033 '' and inserting ` ` july 31 , 2033 '' .
service .
( a ) options.--section 3691a of such title is amended by striking paragraph ( 1 ) of subsection ( a ) and inserting the following : ` ` ( 1 ) a covered member may , after receiving orders to enter a period of covered service-- ` ` ( a ) withdraw from covered education ; ` ` ( b ) take a leave of absence from covered education ; or ` ` ( c ) subject to subsection ( d ) , enter into an agreement with the institution concerned to complete a course of covered education to the satisfaction of such institution concerned . '' .
( b ) conforming amendment.--such subsection is further amended , in paragraph ( 2)(a ) , by striking ` ` or takes a leave of absence '' and inserting ` ` , takes a leave of absence , or enters into an agreement '' .
( c ) agreement.--such section is further amended-- ( 1 ) by redesignating subsection ( d ) as subsection ( e ) ; and ( 2 ) by inserting , after subsection ( c ) , the following new subsection ( d ): ` ` ( d ) agreement with institution concerned.--a covered member may enter into an agreement under subsection ( a ) only if the covered member has completed at least half of a course of covered education . '' .
( d ) section heading.--such section is further amended by striking the heading and inserting ` ` absence from certain education due to certain service '' .
( e ) table of sections.--the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 36 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3691a and inserting the following new item : ` ` 3691a. absence from certain education due to certain service . '' .
mr. mcgovern .
mr. speaker , i yield myself such time as i may consume .
mr. speaker , i thought the gentleman was asking me a question and that we would have a conversation .
i will tell him that we do n't want a shutdown .
we want them to reel in an out - of - control ice agency that is killing american citizens right before our very eyes .
that is what we want .
i do n't understand for the life of me why that is such a heavy lift from my republican friends , but that is what we are asking for .
we do n't want to shut the government down .
that is not who we are .
by the way , again , republicans are responsible for the last shutdown .
they went on vacation rather than stay in washington to try to negotiate a deal .
here we are .
all we are asking for is let 's reel in this out - ofcontrol agency , and my friends find that too difficult to comprehend .
mr. speaker , i yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from florida ( ms. lois frankel ) .
yeas--215 aderholt alford allen amodei ( nv ) arrington babin bacon balderson barr barrett baumgartner bean ( fl ) begich bentz bergman bice biggs ( az )
biggs ( sc ) bilirakis boebert bost brecheen bresnahan buchanan burchett burlison calvert cammack carey carter ( ga ) carter ( tx ) ciscomani cline cloud clyde cole collins comer crane
crank crawford crenshaw davidson de la cruz desjarlais diaz - balart donalds downing dunn ( fl ) edwards ellzey emmer estes evans ( co ) ezell fallon fedorchak feenstra fine finstad fischbach fitzgerald fitzpatrick fleischmann flood fong foxx franklin , scott fry fulcher garbarino gill ( tx ) gimenez goldman ( tx ) gonzales , tony gooden gosar graves
griffith grothman guest guthrie hageman hamadeh ( az ) haridopolos harrigan harris ( md ) harris ( nc ) harshbarger hern ( ok ) higgins ( la ) hill ( ar ) hinson houchin hudson huizenga hurd ( co ) issa jack jackson ( tx ) james johnson ( la ) johnson ( sd ) jordan joyce ( oh ) joyce ( pa ) kean kelly ( ms ) kelly ( pa ) kennedy ( ut ) kiggans ( va ) kiley ( ca ) kim knott kustoff lahood lalota langworthy latta lawler lee ( fl ) letlow loudermilk lucas luna luttrell mace mackenzie malliotakis maloy mann massie mast mccaul mcclain mcclintock mccormick mcdowell mcguire messmer meuser miller ( il ) miller ( oh ) miller ( wv ) miller - meeks mills moolenaar moore ( al ) moore ( nc ) moore ( ut ) moore ( wv ) moran murphy nehls newhouse norman nunn ( ia ) obernolte ogles onder owens palmer patronis perry pfluger reschenthaler rogers ( al ) rogers ( ky ) rose rouzer roy rulli rutherford salazar scalise schmidt schweikert scott , austin self sessions shreve simpson smith ( mo ) smith ( ne ) smith ( nj ) smucker spartz stauber stefanik steil steube strong stutzman taylor tenney thompson ( pa ) tiffany turner ( oh ) valadao van drew van duyne van epps van orden wagner walberg weber ( tx )
webster ( fl ) westerman wied williams ( tx ) wilson ( sc ) wittman womack yakym zinke
mr. carter of georgia .
mr. speaker , i rise today to recognize mr. paul w. brown on his retirement from the fbi , where he served as special agent in charge of the fbi atlanta field office .
mr. brown has served the fbi diligently since 2006 , with experience spanning counterterrorism and weapons of mass destruction .
holding degrees from both western illinois and tarleton state university , mr. brown built a well - rounded foundation that supported his work in law enforcement and investigations .
mr. brown 's leadership and public service have contributed greatly to safety in our communities and will leave a lasting impact on the united states of america .
i congratulate mr. brown on his well - deserved retirement .
i know the fbi and the american people are forever indebted to him for his work to keep us safe .
h.r. 7359 .
congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : article i , section 8
the presiding officer ( mr. moreno ) .
under the previous order , the motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the president will be immediately notified of the senate 's action .
the majority leader .
title i -- building smarter for the 21st century sec . 101 .
housing supply frameworks .
sec . 102 .
accelerating home building grant program .
sec . 103 .
federal guidelines for point - access block buildings .
sec . 104 .
unlocking housing supply through streamlined and modernized reviews .
sec . 105 .
federal housing agency application of environmental reviews .
sec . 106 .
multifamily loan limits .
sec . 107 .
gao study on workforce housing .
the speaker pro tempore .
is there objection to the request of the gentleman from arkansas ?
( mr. bresnahan asked and was given permission to address the house for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks . )
the presiding officer .
the clerk will report the resolution by title .
mr. grassley .
mr. president , on december 28 , last year , merchants in tehran 's grand bazaar took to the streets , protesting high inflation , protesting currency devaluation , and protesting a worsening economy in iran .
accompanied by frustrations of constant political repression , then thousands of iranian citizens have gone to the streets to protest .
so what would you think is the normal thing in an authoritarian government ?
these iranian government authorities responded with more repression and violence against their own people -- their own iranian people .
on january 8 , 2026 , the regime also implemented a complete internet blackout .
that made it , obviously , harder for iranians to communicate with one another and to share evidence of the regime 's abuses with the outside world .
the same internet blackout has made it also more difficult to confirm how many protesters have been injured or killed .
these reports suggest that thousands of protesters have been killed , and more than 41,000 have been arrested .
and that happens to be more than double the number arrested in previous protests .
the latest were in 2022 , when mahsa amini was murdered , and the protests that followed that murder .
the violence and lethal force used against iranian citizens is alarming , and if you saw it on the streets on our own television , you would say it is outrageous .
that is why i was glad to see president trump out in front , speaking out against this violence and supporting the iranian citizens who were doing nothing more than fighting for their freedom and liberty .
it was also encouraging to see the department of treasury and the department of state announce sanctioning of iranian individuals who are involved in the violence against their own people .
so it is obvious the united states is not an enemy of the iranian people .
i stand with the protesters in iran and will continue to support their fight for freedom , for dignity , and for a future free from fear and repression .
i yield the floor .
recognition of the minority leader
mr. magaziner .
mr. speaker , president trump 's tariffs are raising costs on working people .
just like everything else that donald trump does , his tariffs are all about helping himself and his rich friends at the expense of everyday people .
the big tech companies and the big oil companies have been donating millions of dollars to trump 's ballroom and lavishing him with gifts like a golden iphone .
would n't you know it , mr. speaker , he exempted them from the tariffs .
who is not exempt ?
they are the small businesses , the farmers , the restaurants , and the small manufacturers who ca n't afford to go to mar - a - lago to ask for special deals .
they are the builders who are paying thousands of dollars more for materials to build new homes , and they are everyday people who are stuck with higher costs , working themselves to the bone and who ca n't keep up with their bills .
in donald trump 's america , the rich and connected are always taken care of , and everyone else struggles .
for what , mr. speaker ?
according to the bureau of labor statistics ' report that came out today , we lost more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs last year .
end these tariffs .
stop this madness , and lower costs for working people .
the presiding officer .
the senator from new jersey .
mr. goldman of new york .
mr. speaker , i was unable to vote today due to an urgent commitment in my district .
had i been present , i would have voted nay on roll call no . 70 .
mr. bera .
mr. speaker , i rise today to recognize the sacramento metropolitan fire district , which recently celebrated its 25th anniversary , serving communities in sacramento and placer counties .
on december 1 , 2000 , the american river fire district and the sacramento county fire protection district reorganized to form what we now know as metro fire , uniting 16 fire agencies into one force dedicated to protecting our communities .
today , metro fire serves more than 720,000 people across 359 square miles .
with 41 fire stations and more than 700 dedicated members , they stand ready around the clock to respond to fires , rescues , medical emergencies , and more to save lives and protect property .
their mission says it best : ` ` professional and compassionate protection , education , and service to the community . ''
that commitment is n't just words .
it is how they show up every day , often on the hardest day of someone else 's life .
that teamwork and pride show up in every setting .
last year , station 26 took first place in the inaugural hero act chili cookoff that my office hosted at the california state fair .
i was proud to visit the station to present ribbons to captain adam huckaby and firefighter taylor edwards .
as we celebrate this milestone , we also have a responsibility to support the men and women who support all of us , especially when it comes to their mental health .
that is why i am continuing to push for passage of my bipartisan hero act to extend access to mental health and support for our brave first responders .
the presiding officer .
pursuant to rule xxii , the chair lays before the senate the pending cloture motion , which the clerk will state .
the presiding officer .
the senator from south carolina .
unanimous consent request -- s. 3805
sa 4300 .
mr. warnock submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill h.r. 7147 , making further consolidated appropriations for the fiscal year ending september 30 , 2026 , and for other purposes ; which was ordered to lie on the table ; as follows : at the appropriate place , insert the following : sec . _ _ _ .
( a )
none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the department of homeland security , by this act , by public law 119 - 21 , or by any other act may be used by the department of homeland security for the acquisition , construction , renovation , or expansion of any u.s. immigration and enforcement detention center located in social circle , georgia or oakwood , georgia unless such action in either such location is explicitly authorized by an act of congress . ( b ) any acquisition , construction , or expansion by u.s. immigration and customs enforcement of a facility intended to be used for the detention of noncitizens in social circle , georgia or oakwood , georgia shall be subject to all applicable environmental laws and inspection requirements , including the completion of an environmental impact statement required under the national environmental policy act of 1969 ( 42 u.s.c. 4321 et seq . ) and site assessments required under the comprehensive environmental response , compensation , and liability act of 1980 ( 42 u.s.c. 9601 et seq . ) .
by mr. stutzman : h.r. 7586 .
a bill to set restrictions on the sale of single - family homes financed by the federal government , and for other purposes ; to the committee on financial services , and in addition to the committee on veterans ' affairs , for a period to be subsequently determined by the speaker , in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned .
the speaker pro tempore .
is there objection to the request of the gentleman from texas ?
mrs. fischbach .
madam speaker , i rise today to honor the glencoesilver lake ffa chapter for being named the 2025 national model of excellence winner .
glencoe - silver lake was selected for this award out of nearly 10,000 chapters .
this is the highest honor a chapter can achieve , marking them the gold standard for leadership , community impact , and innovation .
by fostering student - led initiatives that strengthen our rural economy and prepare the next generation of leaders , these students have proven that the future of american farming is in excellent hands .
i ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the students , advisers , and the entire glencoe - silver lake community on this prestigious award .
i congratulate the glencoe - silver lake ffa on being the best in the nation .
commemorating national ffa week
the bill clerk read as follows : cloture motion we , the undersigned senators , in accordance with the provisions of rule xxii of the standing rules of the senate , do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomination of executive calendar no . 647 , john deleeuw , of texas , to be a member of the national transportation safety board for the remainder of the term expiring december 31 , 2026 .
john thune , john barrasso , ted budd , bernie moreno , shelley moore capito , todd young , ted cruz , roger marshall , roger f. wicker , john cornyn , john r. curtis , steve daines , mike lee , joni ernst , jon a. husted , jim banks , rick scott of florida .
s. 3159 at the request of mr. lankford , the name of the senator from tennessee ( mrs. blackburn ) was added as a cosponsor of s. 3159 , a bill to amend title xviii of the social security act to temporarily provide for long - term care pharmacy supply fees in connection with the dispensing of certain drugs .
by ms. maloy ( for herself , mr. moore of utah , mr. kennedy of utah , and mr. owens ): h.r. 7739 .
a bill to amend the fair labor standards act of 1938 to provide overtime compensation exceptions to employers of emergency medical technicians and paramedics in rural areas ; to the committee on education and workforce .
the presiding officer .
without objection , it is so ordered .
air force nomination of john i. alora , to be lieutenant colonel .
air force nomination of peter j. dyrud , to be colonel .
air force nomination of erica e. tortella , to be colonel .
air force nominations beginning with andre l. mooney and ending with philip p. spitzer , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nomination of megan e. gagnon , to be colonel .
air force nominations beginning with thomas j. alford and ending with matthew d. vanmaasdam , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nomination of jaydee a. burns , to be colonel .
air force nominations beginning with kurt l. kaiser and ending with shane w. owen , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with lisa a. ballas and ending with bradley r. zimmerman , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with danah l. autry and ending with john j. valdes iii , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with michelle j. bishop and ending with maresa y. zorrilla , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with jesse d. cash and ending with lisa t. seymour , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with tarin c. griswold and ending with tal m. ziv , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with jennifer m. conk and ending with maria m. vasile , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nomination of danielle d. poyant , to be colonel .
air force nominations beginning with thomas m. beachkofsky and ending with brian s. smith , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nomination of aaron j. hayes , to be colonel .
air force nominations beginning with carole s. lowe and ending with joshua d. wyte , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nomination of jennifer l. leach , to be colonel .
air force nominations beginning with jill e. burkett and ending with gregory s. sell , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with alexander l. bingcang and ending with peter t. tran , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with dennis r. bourdo ii and ending with carist l. washington , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
air force nominations beginning with stephen b. carlton and ending with cleveland hayes ii , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
army nomination of emily e. bobenrieth , to be major .
army nomination of kiera k. zimmerman , to be major .
army nominations beginning with jessica a. adler and ending with 0003671139 , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on january 29 , 2026 .
army nomination of deriek d. france , to be major .
army nomination of karin l. watson , to be colonel .
army nomination of victor a. jaffett , to be colonel .
marine corps nominations beginning with james burke and ending with kenneth w. malone , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on december 2 , 2025 .
marine corps nominations beginning with shea s. allen and ending with andrew j. zetts , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on december 2 , 2025 .
marine corps nominations beginning with zane d. bowman and ending with michael a. keaty , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on january 13 , 2026 .
marine corps nominations beginning with michael r. chiudioni and ending with christopher d. webber , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on january 13 , 2026 .
marine corps nomination of ryan w. knaul , to be major .
marine corps nominations beginning with joshua m. carter and ending with robert j. stephenson , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on january 13 , 2026 .
marine corps nomination of john f. bathon , to be lieutenant colonel .
marine corps nominations beginning with fadi s. abdelhalim and ending with joseph a. ortiz , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 4 , 2026 .
marine corps nominations beginning with james d. ballard , jr. and ending with dustin e. guerpo , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 4 , 2026 .
marine corps nomination of robert w. kreuger iii , to be lieutenant colonel .
marine corps nominations beginning with mario j. arellano and ending with aaron f. rancloes , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 4 , 2026 .
marine corps nomination of neal d. mcgaughey , to be lieutenant colonel .
marine corps nomination of termaine r. babers , to be lieutenant colonel .
navy nominations beginning with thomas w. adair and ending with frank r. zimmerman iv , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
navy nominations beginning with richard e. arthur ii and ending with michael s. williams , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
navy nominations beginning with jameson r. adler and ending with garrett t. pankow , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
navy nomination of m.l. attebery , to be lieutenant commander .
navy nominations beginning with richard j. curley and ending with brendan j. tourek , which nominations were received by the senate and appeared in the congressional record on february 11 , 2026 .
navy nomination of nathan t. couric , to be commander .
navy nomination of barbara j. colberg , to be commander .
navy nomination of gary w. foshee , to be captain .
mr. westerman .
mr. speaker , i ask unanimous consent that all members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on h.r. 3903 , the bill now under consideration .
mr. westerman .
mr. speaker , h.r. 681 , again , provides equal leasing authority to the mashpee wampanoag tribe and the wampanoag tribe of gay head , aligning them with the other tribes that have already received 99 - year leasing authority from congress .
mr. speaker , i support h.r. 681 , and i yield back the balance of my time .
mr. westerman .
mr. speaker , i move to suspend the rules and pass the bill ( h.r. 3692 ) to reauthorize the young fishermen 's development act , as amended .
mr. latimer .
mr. speaker , i rise to recognize the outstanding work of the men and women who lead the mount vernon chamber of commerce .
every month , they hold a zoom meeting for all of their members and provide the latest information of value to the businessowners and retailers who provide goods and services to the people of mount vernon .
the guest speakers cover substantive topics such as access to capital , tax preparation , availability of grant programs , healthcare , personnel issues , tariffs , and much more .
every month , i join in virtually to give a federal issues update .
the same is true for county officials such as county executive ken jenkins and shari rosen ascher .
the chamber is led by omar fields , chairman of the board ; anita hunt , board secretary ; and former mount vernon councilwoman lisa copeland , who serves as president .
they do a tremendous service to the people and to the businesses of the city of mount vernon .
from the floor of the house of representatives , we salute the mount vernon chamber of commerce .
by mr. pocan ( for himself , ms. schakowsky , mr. khanna , mr. cohen , ms. delauro , mr. deluzio , mr. doggett , mr. frost , mr. goldman of new york , ms. norton , ms. jayapal , mr. johnson of georgia , mr. landsman , ms. meng , ms. ocasio - cortez , ms. omar , and ms. tlaib ): h.r. 7803 .
a bill to rename the program under part c of title xviii of the social security act , and for other purposes ; to the committee on ways and means , and in addition to the committee on energy and commerce , for a period to be subsequently determined by the speaker , in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned .
mr. risch .
mr. president , i rise today to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the boise airport .
this milestone is a celebration of the airport 's history and its contributions to our regional commerce , travel , and national defense .
the boise airport is a remarkable display of idaho excellence .
in 1926 , volunteers from the city of boise and nearby towns , including the boy scouts and veterans of the civil , indian , and spanish - american wars , came together to build idaho 's first municipal airport along the boise river , the site of present - day boise state university .
on april 6 , 1926 , the first u.s. commercial airmail flight took off , marking the beginning of a new era for the gem state .
by 1936 , the city of boise began acquiring the land for the current airport at gowen field air national guard base .
two years later , it was home to an 8,800 - foot - long runway , the longest in the nation at the time .
shortly after the united states entered world war ii in 1941 , gowen field was leased by the army air corps , where over 6,000 personnel were stationed during the war .
the airport became a combat training school for b-24 liberator bomber and b-17 flying fortress crews .
these troops were deployed to units like the 100th bomb group in the european theater .
since world war ii , the airport has maintained a strong civilian - military partnership with the air national guard , enhancing our national security and local economy .
over the past century , the boise airport has become a critical asset for the city of boise and our region .
in 2025 , the airport served more than 5 million passengers and supported over 32,000 commercial flights on 8 airlines , consistently outpacing national averages .
it now connects travelers to 27 nonstop destinations , bolstering boise 's reputation as one of the fastest growing cities in the country .
the boise airport contributes nearly $ 3 billion annually to the state 's economy , supporting tens of thousands of jobs in aviation , logistics , hospitality , and related industries across the gem state .
ongoing expansion projects will ensure the airport meets the needs of boiseans , can support idaho 's growing population and economy , and deliver toptier traveler satisfaction .
i am confident the boise airport will continue to be a vital engine of opportunity for idahoans , forging connections to people and industries across the country .
congratulations to the exceptional leadership and staff on this extraordinary milestone .
mr. davis of north carolina .
mr. speaker , the greenville , north carolina , united states army recruiters and those across the country are working hard to get the job done every single day .
my son justin has arrived now at fort benning , georgia , to become an infantryman .
he went from carrying our nation 's flag to now answering the call to protect it .
he was inspired as a child and from his 4 years in jrotc with the ram battalion at greene central high school in snow hill .
i recall a few months back , he called me and said that he wanted to talk to me about something , and i said : ` ` son , what is it ? ''
he said : ` ` dad , i want to join the army . ''
i said : ` ` well , son , you know i was in the air force , right ? ''
he said : ` ` yes , i do , dad . ''
he said : ` ` but i want to join the army , and you are not changing my mind . ''
i said : ` ` well , son , what is it that you want to do ? ''
he said : ` ` i want to be an infantryman . ''
i said : ` ` son , do you understand the risk ? ''
he said : ` ` yes , dad , i understand the risk . ''
he went on to say something very moving and profound .
he said : ` ` dad , i listed my brothers as my beneficiaries . ''
later , he shared that , after praying , he went in and took the oath of office with his bible in his pocket .
by the way , i saw that bible later .
it was a camouflage bible , but the words were the same .
as his father , i said to him : ` ` son , i love you .
serve us well . ''
i found it in me to say : ` ` hooah . ''
mr. speaker , i pause to give a special shout - out in recognition to major morales and sergeant penhollow , his jrotc instructors ; sergeant head , who was really instrumental in sharing with justin about the army ; and sergeant first class young , who reminded all of us that you do n't just recruit soldiers , but you recruit families .
as a member of the house armed services committee , i must admit that i am a proud father .
i am a proud father .
decisions that i make serving on the house armed services committee have become just so personal that i want everyone to also understand i ca n't be willing to ask any parent across this country to send their son or daughter without giving mine .
the last words that justin shared with me before he was leaving , he said : ` ` dad , i am going to make you proud . ''
i would say to my colleagues , o god , he has more than made me proud .
to all the recruits who are shipping out to serve our country , and especially right now during these challenging times -- i was taking him to meps in raleigh just over the weekend .
during these challenging times , i thank every single recruit with all of my heart .
thank you for your bravery .
thank you for your courage .
thank you for your willingness to serve our country .
thank you for your love for america .
to every recruit , i share the same words that i shared with my son : be strong .
be of good courage .
be all that you can be .
the presiding officer ( mr. mullin ) .
under the previous order , the leadership time is reserved .
interference .
( a ) in general.--chapter 93 of title 18 , united states code , is amended by adding at the end the following : ` ` sec . 1925 .
obstruction of immigration laws by official interference ` ` ( a ) definitions.--in this section-- ` ` ( 1 ) the term ` criminal alien ' means an alien ( as defined in section 101(a ) of the immigration and nationality act ( 8 u.s.c. 1001(a ) ) ) who has been charged with or convicted of a crime under federal or state law ; ` ` ( 2 ) the terms ` federal sex offense ' and ` minor ' have the meanings given such terms in section 3559(e)(2 ) ; ` ` ( 3 ) the term ` immigration laws ' has the meaning given that term in section 101(a ) of the immigration and nationality act ( 8 u.s.c. 1101(a ) ) ; ` ` ( 4 ) the term ` reasonable advance notice ' , with respect to the release of a criminal alien , means notice regarding the scheduled release date and time of the criminal alien that is provided as early as practicable and , unless impossible , at least 48 hours prior to release ; ` ` ( 5 ) the term ` responsible executive official ' , with respect to a law , regulation , policy , practice , or action , means the most senior executive official of a state or unit of government charged with overseeing execution of the law , regulation , policy , practice , or action .
` ` ( 6 ) the term ` serious violent felony ' has the meaning given that term in section 3559(c)(2 ) ; ` ` ( 7 ) the terms ` state ' and ` unit of local government ' have the meanings given such terms in section 901(a ) of the omnibus crime control and safe streets act of 1968 ( 34 u.s.c. 10251(a ) ) ; and ` ` ( 8) the term ` state sex offense ' means a state or military sex offense ( as defined in section 3559(e)(2 ) )
that is an offense under state law .
` ` ( b ) prohibited conduct.--it shall be unlawful for any responsible executive official of a state or unit of local government , acting under color of law , to knowingly prohibit , limit , or restrict compliance with any formal request under the immigration laws by the department of homeland security for reasonable advance notice regarding the release of a criminal alien , including through establishing , directing , implementing , or enforcing any pertinent law , regulation , policy , practice , or action .
` ` ( c ) penalties.--a person who violates subsection ( b)-- ` ` ( 1 ) if the violation results in the release from custody of a criminal alien who has been charged with or convicted of an offense consisting of murder , rape , or a federal sex offense or state sex offense against a minor , shall be fined under this title , imprisoned for not less than 10 years and not more than 25 years , or both ; ` ` ( 2 ) if the violation results in the release from custody of a criminal alien who has been charged with or convicted of an offense that is a serious violent felony , shall be fined under this title , imprisoned for not less than 5 years and not more than 10 years , or both ; or ` ` ( 3 ) if the violation results in the release from custody of a criminal alien who has been charged with or convicted of any other federal or state criminal offense , shall be fined under this title , imprisoned for not less than 30 days and not more than 6 months , or both . '' .
( b ) severability clause.--if any provision of this section , an amendment made by this section , or the application of such a provision or amendment to any particular person or circumstance is held invalid , the remaining provisions of this section and the amendments made by this section , and the application of such remaining provisions and amendments to any other person or circumstance , shall not be affected thereby .
( c ) technical and conforming amendment.--the table of sections for chapter 93 of title 18 , united states code , is amended by adding at the end the following : ` ` 1925 .
obstruction of immigration laws by official interference . '' .
state ( political - military affairs ) , vice jessica lewis ,
the presiding officer .
the senator from virginia .
mr. barrasso .
mr. president , i come to the floor this morning having just listened to the minority leader talk about the department of homeland security , which the democrats once again refused to fund .
how can the minority leader from new york have forgotten about why we have a department of homeland security in the first place ?
it was set up after 9/11 , after the twin towers were hit , so that it could never happen again .
yet to sit here and listen to him talk about this component of it or that component -- this was a program fundamentally set in place to protect our nation and our citizens from the terror that was rained upon us on 9/11 .
that is why the entire department was brought together and funded .
now we hear the minority leader -- well , he wants to peel off this part and that part and take the department apart as we are trying to protect the country .
he said something about what the american people are wondering .
what the american people are wondering today is why the democrat party continues to stand up for illegal immigrant criminals against lawabiding citizens .
that is what i hear about in wyoming : why in the world are democrats wanting to stand up for illegal immigrant criminals and not hard - working american citizens ?
so for the last 27 days , the democrats have shut down the entire department of homeland security lock , stock , and barrel .
tsa agents are missing their paychecks .
our nation 's infrastructure is more vulnerable to cyber attacks .
there have been two attacks by terrorist sympathizers in the last 2 weeks .
the minority leader -- you listen to his comments -- is completely out of touch with the american people and what people are worried about all across this country .
and there they go again .
here we have it .
less than 5 months ago , democrats shut down the entire government .
the government stayed shut for 43 days .
now we have gotten most of the government funded , but they continue to shut down the department of homeland security for one reason and one reason only : because they want to protect illegal immigrant criminals .
when you listen to what he is saying , when you listen to the comments by the minority leader , he wants to stand side by side with illegal immigrant criminals , not with the american people .
democrats want to defund law enforcement .
they want to abolish ice .
they want to turn our nation into a sanctuary nation .
yesterday , once again , democrats blocked republican efforts to reopen the department of homeland security .
now , the white house and senate republicans have made offer after offer .
we negotiated in good faith .
democrats in the senate have not .
what we are doing here is critical .
it is critical to the safety and the security of our nation .
this is what we are doing :
we are trying to fund america 's department of homeland security .
when this was set up after the 9/11 attacks and the terrorism , what did they want to include in that ?
tsa , the coast guard , secret service , america 's cyber defenses .
it is the department that stops smugglers , drug traffickers , human traffickers .
the department of homeland security was created to protect us as a nation , and since 9/11 of 2001 , this department has been on the frontlines in the fight against terrorism and securing the border .
that is the part the democrats hate .
they want an open border .
they want people to come in indiscriminately from all around the world .
and joe biden and the democrats allowed it , with over 10 million illegal immigrants coming into this country in the 4 years of the biden administration .
the people that work for the department of homeland security -- they are the silent heroes of the nation .
they are the ones engaged in the battle to keep our communities safe and secure .
they should n't be forced to miss their paychecks because democrats continue to choose to play politics .
right now , 50,000 tsa agents all around the country are missing their paychecks .
for the third time in 6 months , democrats have forced the tsa agents to work without getting paid .
a veteran tsa officer in phoenix , az , was very clear .
he said : we are fed up .
we 've had enough .
i believe he is right .
all americans are fed up and have had enough of this political posturing and gameplaying by the democrats .
a cbs news report this week explains what is happening .
absences by tsa agents have doubled -- doubled since february 14 when the democratcaused shutdown began .
more than 300 tsa agents have left the job entirely , and lines at airports continue to grow .
in some airports , the lines stretch out of the terminal and into the parking lot .
spring break travel is picking up all around the country .
families are paying the price .
that is the price of democrats ' political obstruction .
it is the same and concerning story with regard to the cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency .
this is the agency put in place after 9/11 , under the department of homeland security -- the entire department -- that protects our nation 's critical infrastructure , and that includes our energy infrastructure .
since the democrat shutdown began last month , only one in three staffers at the agency is working .
why ?
because the others have been furloughed because of the democrat - caused shutdown .
and those who are still on the job are working without pay .
america is continually under attack in the cyber world--24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
that is energy , banking , financial institutions , water , utilities , and our military .
after the strikes in iran , the pace of cyber attacks against us accelerated .
the iranian revolutionary guard corps made their intentions clear .
they said americans ` ` will no longer have security anywhere in the world , even in their own homes . ''
imagine the damage that iran could do if they hacked our critical infrastructure -- because they are trying .
but because of the democrats ' shutdown -- and we just heard the minority leader talk about it .
the shutdown is continuing , he is saying .
because of that , vulnerability scans are on pause .
that should n't happen .
we need to get these open and running .
protective guidance for our critical networks is not being issued .
we need that .
democrats do n't seem to care because they want to protect illegal immigrant criminals , and we just heard it from the minority leader of the u.s. senate , the senator from new york , who ought to be more concerned than anybody about threats to our nation .
our energy grids , our hospitals , our state and local governments -- they are all more exposed .
it is not a question of if the democrat shutdown is hurting the american people ; it is a matter of public record .
democrats are each and every day endangering americans on the ground , in the skies , and even in cyber space .
the american people expect their government to take our nation 's security seriously .
democrats do n't seem to be thinking that way at all .
the american people expect congress to fund the agencies that keep them safe , not that keep safe illegal immigrant criminals .
and that is what we heard from the minority leader -- what we could do differently to protect illegal immigrant criminals , not protect the american people .
the american people expect us to pay the people who protect us , who protect our airports , who protect our borders , who protect our networks , who protect our communities .
that is what the american people want .
they expect us to confront the threats at home and abroad and do it with urgency .
mr. president , the department of homeland security must be funded fully and immediately , and i am tired of excuses from the democrats because that is all they are -- excuses .
i yield the floor .
section 12203 : to be major general brig .
gen .
thad j. collard
ms. van duyne .
mr. speaker , i urge my colleagues to vote in favor of s. 3971 to support small businesses across the country in advancing technology and innovation .
it is time for small businesses to access sbir and sttr programs again after 5 long months .
mr. speaker , i yield back the balance of my time .
s. 3965 at the request of mr. barrasso , the name of the senator from nebraska ( mr. ricketts ) was added as a cosponsor of s. 3965 , a bill to require the establishment and use of short form applications for rural communities applying for economic development grant programs , and for other purposes .
mr. durbin .
mr. president , i ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the record .
by mr. tran ( for himself , mr. bacon , ms. strickland , and mr. harrigan ): h.r. 7969 .
a bill to direct the director of national intelligence to assess the national security implications of increased foreign malign influence by the chinese communist party ; to the committee on intelligence ( permanent select ) .
s. 478 at the request of mr. kennedy , the name of the senator from alaska ( mr. sullivan ) was added as a cosponsor of s. 478 , a bill to amend title 38 , united states code , to prohibit the secretary of veterans affairs from transmitting certain information to the department of justice for use by the national instant criminal background check system .
department of justice for payments to the
sec . 101 .
clarification of application of foreign money ban
sec . 203 .
restoring navigator program .
( a ) funding.--section 1311(i)(6 ) of the patient protection and affordable care act ( 42 u.s.c. 18031(i)(6 ) ) is amended-- ( 1 ) by striking ` ` grants under '' and inserting the following : ` ` ( a ) state exchanges.--in the case of an exchange established and operated by a state pursuant to subsection ( b ) , grants under '' ; and ( 2 ) by adding at the end the following : ` ` ( b ) federal exchanges.--for purposes of carrying out this subsection with respect to an exchange established and operated by the secretary pursuant to section 1321(c ) , the secretary shall obligate $ 100,000,000 out of amounts collected through the user fees on participating health insurance issuers pursuant to section 156.50 of title 45 , code of federal regulations ( or any successor regulations ) for fiscal year 2026 .
such amount so obligated for a fiscal year shall remain available until expended . '' .
( b ) standards.--section 1311(i)(4)(a ) of the patient protection and affordable care act ( 42 u.s.c. 18031(i)(4)(a ) )
is amended-- ( 1 ) in clause ( i ) , by striking ` ` or '' at the end ; ( 2 ) in clause ( ii ) , by striking the period and inserting a semicolon ; and ( 3 ) by adding at the end the following : ` ` ( iii ) charge any fees to applicants or enrollees ; or ` ` ( iv ) request any form of remuneration from or on behalf of any applicant or enrollee . '' .
sec . 235 .
no aca and employer coverage premium spikes .
section 1302(c)(4 ) of the patient protection and affordable care act ( 42 u.s.c. 18022(c)(4 ) ) is amended by adding at the end the following : ` ` for calendar year 2026 and each subsequent calendar year , the lower bound of the allowable premium adjustment percentage for purposes of paragraph ( 1)(b)(i ) is the lower bound of the premium adjustment percentage that applied under this paragraph for plan year 2022 using national health expenditure accounts projections of average per enrollee employer - sponsored insurance premiums . '' .
sec . 301 . short title .
this title may be cited as the ` ` chloe cole act '' .
mr. biggs of arizona .
mr. speaker , i yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from texas .
sec . 3 . report on emerging threats to the baltic countries .
( a ) in general.--not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this act , the secretary of state , in coordination with the secretary of defense , shall submit to the appropriate committees of congress a report on-- ( 1 ) emerging military , cyber , hybrid , and political threats to the baltic countries ; ( 2 ) the roles of the russian federation , the republic of belarus , the people 's republic of china , the islamic republic of iran , and other malign actors in advancing such threats ; ( 3 ) the current posture and presence of united states and nato forces in the baltic region for the purpose of deterring such threats ; ( 4 ) recommendations for strengthening the deterrence posture , cybersecurity infrastructure , and democratic resilience of the baltic countries ; and ( 5 ) opportunities to enhance bilateral and multilateral defense cooperation between the united states and the baltic countries , including through the baltic security initiative established under section 1247 of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2026 ( public law 119 - 60 ) .
( b ) form.--the report required by subsection ( a ) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex .
( c ) appropriate committees of congress defined.--in this section , the term ` ` appropriate committees of congress '' means-- ( 1 ) the committee on foreign relations , the committee on armed services , and the committee on appropriations of the senate ; and ( 2 ) the committee on foreign affairs , the committee on armed services , and the committee on appropriations of the house of representatives .
social services .
( a )
in general.--the order of the department of health and human services , issued on january 6 , 2026 , withholding access to funds for covered programs for california , minnesota , illinois , new york , and colorado , shall have no force and effect .
the secretary of health and human services shall make available to each such state the funds withheld from the state under that order .
( b ) definition.--in this section , the term ` ` covered program '' means-- ( 1 ) the program of block grants to states for temporary assistance for needy families established under part a of title iv of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c. 601 et seq ) ; ( 2 ) the program carried out through the social services block grant authorized under subtitle a of title xx of the ssa ( 42 u.s.c. 1397 et seq . ) ; and ( 3 ) the program carried out under the child care and development block grant act of 1990 ( 42 u.s.c. 9857 et seq . ) .
sec . _ _ 05 .
withdrawal of federal land , curry county and
sec . _ _ .
increase in corporate tax rate .
( a ) in general.--section 11(b ) is amended by striking ` ` 21 percent '' and inserting ` ` 21.3 percent '' .
( b ) effective date.--the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this act .
sa 4568 .
mr. wyden submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill s. 1383 , to establish the veterans advisory committee on equal access , and for other purposes ; which was ordered to lie on the table ; as follows : at the appropriate place , insert the following :
sec . _ _ .
increase in corporate tax rate .
( a ) in general.--section 11(b ) is amended by striking ` ` 21 percent '' and inserting ` ` 24.8 percent '' .
( b ) effective date.--the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this act .
transformation program .
section 2105(h ) of the social security act ( 42 u.s.c. 1397ee(h ) ) is amended-- ( 1 ) in paragraph ( 1)(a ) , by striking ` ` $ 10,000,000,000 '' each place it appears and inserting ` ` $ 20,000,000,000 '' ; ( 2 ) in paragraph ( 1)(b)-- ( a ) in the subparagraph heading by striking ` ` unexpended or unobligated '' and inserting ` ` availability of '' ; ( b ) by striking clauses ( i ) through ( iii ) and inserting the following : ` ` ( i )
in general.--subject to clause ( ii ) , funds allocated to a state from amounts appropriated under subparagraph ( a ) shall remain available until expended . '' ; and ( c ) by redesignating clause ( iv ) as clause ( ii ) ; and ( 3 ) in paragraph ( 2)(c ) , by striking ` ` paragraph ( 1)(b)(iv ) '' and inserting ` ` paragraph ( 1)(b)(ii ) '' .
sec . _ _ .
prohibition on deceptive communications regarding
the presiding officer .
the clerk will call the roll .
the senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll .
by mr. durbin : s. 4153 .
a bill to phase out production of nonessential uses of perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances , to prohibit releases of all perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances , and for other purposes ; to the committee on environment and public works .
sec . 2 . prohibition on false ai - generated election media .
( a ) definitions.--in this section : ( 1 ) applicable federal election.--the term ` ` applicable federal election '' means any general , primary , runoff , or special election held solely or in part for the purpose of nominating or electing a candidate for the office of president , vice president , presidential elector , member of the senate , member of the house of representatives , or delegate or commissioner from a territory or possession .
( 2 ) election official.--the term ` ` election official '' means any individual legally authorized to perform duties in connection with an applicable federal election , including workers , volunteers , poll workers , and authorized poll observers .
( 3 ) false ai - generated election media.--the term ` ` false ai - generated election media '' means text .
image , audio , or video that-- ( a ) is the product of a computational process that uses machine learning , natural language processing , artificial intelligence techniques , or other computational processing techniques of similar or greater complexity ; and ( b ) either-- ( i ) contains materially false information relating to-- ( i ) the time , place , or manner of holding any applicable federal election ; or ( ii ) the qualifications for or restrictions on voter eligibility for any such election ; or ( ii ) falsely depicts an election official .
( b ) prohibition.--except as provided in subsection ( c ) , a person may not-- ( 1 ) knowingly distribute false ai - generated election media described in subsection ( a)(3)(b)(i ) if such person-- ( a ) knows such media contains materially false information described in such subsection ; and ( b ) has the purpose of impeding or preventing another person from exercising the right to vote in an applicable federal election ; or ( 2 ) knowingly distribute false ai - generated election media described in subsection ( a)(3)(b)(ii ) if such person-- ( a ) knows the depiction of the election official in such media is materially false ; and ( b ) has the intent to-- ( i ) intimidate or harass an election official ; or ( ii ) deter another person from exercising the right to vote in an applicable federal election .
( c ) inapplicability to certain entities.--this section shall not apply to the following : ( 1 ) a radio or television broadcasting station , a cable or satellite television operator , programmer , or producer , or a streaming service that broadcasts false ai - generated election media prohibited by this section as part of a bona fide newscast , news interview , news documentary , or on - the - spot coverage of bona fide news events , if the broadcast clearly acknowledges through content or a disclosure , in a manner that can be easily heard or read by the average listener or viewer , that the information contained in the media and described in subsection ( a)(2)(b ) is false .
( 2 ) a regularly published newspaper , magazine , or other periodical of general circulation , including an internet or electronic publication , that routinely carries news and commentary of general interest , and that publishes false ai- generated election media prohibited under this section , if the publication clearly states that the information contained in the media and described in subsection ( a)(2)(b ) is false .
( d ) enforcement.--the attorney general may bring a civil action against any person who violates subsection ( b ) in an appropriate united states district court for such declaratory and injunctive relief ( including a temporary restraining order , a permanent or temporary injunction , or other order ) .
mr. correa .
mr. speaker , i rise today to honor the life and legacy of alfred escalante , who has passed away at the age of 100 .
born in texas , alfred left for california as a young man in pursuit of more opportunities .
he embarked on a career as a car painter , becoming a master of the trade and a lifelong resident of santa ana along the way .
years into his career , he went to work for his son 's custom auto service in santa ana , which is nationally renowned for servicing and restoring packard cars .
together with his beloved wife lucy , alfred created a lifetime centered around family and the importance of living together .
alfred instilled in his children the importance of integrity , humility , and perseverance .
he also served as a father figure to countless others in his community , teaching them life skills such as faith and manners while providing them with a second chance and lots of hope .
alfred is survived by his children alfred , jr. , robert , david , sandy , steve , and cynthia , as well as by his grandchildren .
as he said to his family shortly before he passed , ` ` i did not leave you any money
but i left you a clean name .
protect it because it 's worth more than a pot of gold . ''
