it was of course thought impossible .
even to this day some scientists say there is n't even a transmission vector possible .
they like most of us survivors still are reeling from the death of so many even decades later .
after the first few days there were so many wild speculations .
radiation , chemical warfare , biological attack , etc .
it took many months of research before the connection was finally made .
this connection and the perfect storm that allowed it to happen was so shocking and devastating that perhaps we as a species will never fully recover .
when the discovery first hit the news channels they had crude language such as society was ` ` face - fucked '' or the legacy of the ` ` zucker fucker '' .
some say it started with free basic a marketing gimmick the company that will not be named came up with .
it was billed as the savior of humanity connecting everyone together for free .
the first attempts were unsuccessful but after a ton of persistence and a lot of bribery the whole world had access to a new curated internet .
the company that will not be named eventually gained complete control of all communications owning not only the content creators but delivery all the way down to the devices almost all of us used .
some say if it was n't for the fuckbook we would have all died .
the only lone open hardware and open source competitor that captured a small but dedicated slice of the market .
these anti - bookers as they came to be known did n't like the internet reduced to the top 10,000 web pages .
they wanted their voice to be heard and wanted more that just one narrative to all information .
the company that will not be named was never happy with its work because it could never ensure complete control because of the humans that used its product .
even though it could manipulate them , trick them , and lie to them it could not force them to give the likes it so desired .
that is where the smartest minds that are left say it all started .
it was a simple idea , make people happy and they will like .
how do you guarantee to make people happy though .
the company that will not be named obsessed over this until it came up with a sinister solution .
it would update the firmware of not just its devices but the actual users .
a hack if you will for the human condition .
a little back door that would ensure that they could always get a like if they needed it .
the day of the update was not unlike any other .
most were on their devices posting photos of their breakfasts or dinners .
some posted pictures of their children and others pictures of their bowel movements .
nothing out of the ordinary and then the notification .
the newest latest b.o.s. update is being downloaded .
a message flashed , please remain with your device for an important video about the new features .
installing update .... was the last thing people would read before the end .
as the screen flashed the pattern that the best engineers the world had came up with no one knew the mistake that had been made .
they had thought they had tested it thoroughly but with something so new a mistake was bound to happen .
as the human firmware update was installed in the minds of ninety percent of the world there was a non - recoverable error .
they had bricked the entire world as we knew it .
although not everyone received the update such as infants or the infirmed they died without the care they so desperately needed .
society collapsed unable to communicate with each other , if it was not for the great meshnet that the anti - bookers had created we would have been reduced to the stone age .
it was only thanks to their tireless effort that we are even able to tell this story .
we will never fully recover though and we will never forget about the company that can not be named .
powers : absolute immortality , electrical transportation , ki / chi sense -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - * this happens every time .
i ' m on the brink of completing another job and then something inside tells me that i ' m doing something wrong .
i ' m sitting here in front of this fuck
and i know that he probably deserves whatever comes his way after i turn him over .
well , i do n't actually know that this time .
mr. m was shy with the details , the higher he moves me up the less details i get .
this time i was n't even given the target 's name .
but i suppose i ' m paid to overlook that .
maybe i ' m just in no place to be thinking about morality .
this is my job , and mr. m 's got plans for me .
just .. try and kill some time until the drop .
* ` ` you look conflicted . '' said the other man .
` ` interesting word choice for someone who 's blindfolded . ''
` ` sorry , but you see i ' ve got a pretty vivid image in my head . ''
the other man responded , ` ` your chi is twisting you into knots tighter than these ! ''
he held up his arms , bound by rope at the wrists .
` ` you know i ' m the one being turned over to my death and i ' ve got less cluttering my mind ..
you ' ve done this before .
i can tell .
i can always tell .
each bounty hunter your boss sends is tougher and more experienced than the one before , each with a colourful past and no regrets .
they ' ve been sloppy though , this time it seems he sent the best . ''
` ` damn straight . ''
` ` ha !
your ego is just as big as i heard it would be , but i know its an act . ''
the other man cocked an eyebrow at him above the blindfold , ` ` there 's a real , feeling person under there ; and that person is wondering about the part they 're playing in my fate . ''
` ` wait .
you ... know who i am ? ''
` ` atlas scott . '' said the other man .
` ` you dug deep .
all the way to my real identity .
i ' m impressed , thought that name was buried forever . ''
said atlas , removing his prisoner 's blindfold , ` ` look , you seem to be familiar with me
so how about you tell me who you are and why you know me . ''
the man took in the visual setting of the room around him quickly and then turned back to atlas .
` ` i am shi'nov
and i ' ve been watching you .
your work leaves virtually no evidence , you 're smart , and you have a sense of what 's right and wrong ...
even if you have n't paid the most attention to your moral compass lately .
i picked you because ....
well , you see i was a lot like you at one point , did n't ask questions and just did what i had to .
did it better than everyone else too .
but then i knew i needed more from life , so i made a choice to defy my boss .
i tricked him into giving me something that could never be taken back , but only passed forward .
i thought he would have died by now , but apparently there are some things that ca n't be taken away from you completely . ''
` ` how did you trick him ?
what did you get ? ''
` ` my freedom . ''
just then , a bolt of electricity shot from shi'nov 's position over to the circuit board on the wall .
atlas stood there in shock , processing everything for a second .
the ropes were on the floor , the man shi'nov had just vanished before him .
his phone vibrated -*4:30
macfield docks*- it was the drop .
* fuck .
i ' ve got 30 minutes , no bounty , and i ca n't even put what i just witnessed into words .
*
no clear idea or plan came to mind as they usually seemed to do for atlas .
he paced back and forth in the room .
there was no way around failure with mr. m.
he was finished .
the thoughts built up in his head until atlas finally bursted out , ` ` i just want my freedom too ! ''
just then , a lightning bolt surged out from the electrical box and struck atlas in the heart , knocking him down unconscious .
atlas awoke on the floor , very sore .
he looked around and it seemed his prisoner was still missing , but there was a note lying next to him : * first one 's on me , good luck with your new choices .
see you sometime in eternity .
*
he thought this was a weird thing to say .
atlas ' attention quickly shifted though as he was captured by something outside .
he began focusing all of his energy toward the source of his stimulation .
it was a thing he could feel , and almost see .
it ... was a person walking by , radiating a non - material energy he could experience more intensely than the physical note that was still in his hand .
he could feel negativity weighing on the person 's soul , but also the positive energy that kept them moving .
another person walked by and atlas felt an entirely different energy .
each person 's energy patterns were complex and unique , like snowflakes or fingerprints , and he could still feel them after they left .
just as he was realizing he would be able to track anyone with this ability , he felt more energy around him .
electricity .
atlas stepped outside and saw a whole new world .
anything was possible now .
he then remembered mr. m and checked his phone .
it was 4:29 .
* no bounty .
one minute .
and a whole lot of new potential .
* atlas looked up at the power lines .
his cells were speeding up and began to send electric charges back and forth between his body and the lines .
* i ' m outta here .
*
and his body vanished with a lightning bolt into the power lines .
sort of a writing prompt written by someone that does n't know what god is ... sort of pointless really ...
god is a word he spent years trying to prove a word exists god
that 's god he 's crazy if that 's the actual case and it 's not hard to prove god exists you just draw a word on a sheet of paper and show it to someone the debate over whether or not god exists is a literacy exam if you see the word god and have no clue what it is you 're illiterate but like literacy levels are super high on the god scale and like everyone in the united states can read the word god but like pastors and preachers have you believing the debate over god has to do with something in the sky not true
it 's do you or do you not believe this word i am showing you right here god exists if you try and state that something i showed you is not god
and it 's the word god you 're and atheist
i forgot .
i think i got a reminder .
i ca n't remember when that was , but i did .
maybe .
i should see my doctor about this bad memory of mine .
i wish i had remembered because my twenty - first birthday came without me realizing it and it was a surprise i did n't want or care for .
i hate surprises .
i could say i got a mutation that was useful like telekinesis to clean my apartment or even wings that could carry me from class to work .
i ' m not that lucky .
i was laying in bed .
my brain was wide awake , but i did n't want to open my eyes yet .
i felt sick like feathers had found their way into my throat .
i coughed .
' i must be getting a cold ' , i though .
the smell of burning wood clogged my nostrils .
' mom must have lit the fireplace again .
i wish she would make pancakes .
blueberry pancakes would be nice .
or bacon pancakes ....
do we even have a fireplace ?
she could make smores if we did . '
i sat up alarmed by the question that tangled itself with my random thoughts of food .
nope .
we did n't .
my room was filled to the brim with smoke .
i opened my mouth again .
fire passed my parted lips and fanned across the wall .
i had lit my endtable on fire moments before .
i never thought this would be my mutation .
i sighed .
a stream of black smoke escaping me .
i should have remembered that my birthday was coming up .
i would have talked to my friends more had i known .
( sorry for bad grammar if any .
always been bad at that )
the crowd roared as i stepped into the fighting arena .
the seats were crammed full with people cheering and jeering .
their mouths were distinct as they cheered and jeered but all had blurry faces as if a rubber eraser had smudged their features out .
of course , the crowd never had a real face , only the opponents did in this battle ground .
i adjusted my bracers and tightened the leather straps on my shoulder plate .
not everyone has such a grand image of gladiator battles in their subconscious .
some mind arenas ranged from boxing rings to a dirty back alley , or even a school yard scuffle .
battling mental illness was hardly glorious , but i was lucky enough to emerge triumphant eventually .
even if i was small and quiet in the real world , in my mind , i felt like i could take on anything .
i was young and my opponents had not been very difficult .
the gate across the arena slowly began opening as i strained to see who would walk out this time .
would it be depression ?
chronic anxiety ?
` ` bring it on ! ''
i yelled out to the crowd of my subconscious .
okay , i could be a ham too .
but personal victories over these illnesses made me cocky .
my new opponent approached me , face covered by a metal helmet and bare chested .
who was it ?
this one did not look familiar .
most were ugly from head to toe , but this one was broad shouldered and strong .
before i could further evaluate my opponent he ran at me .
his movements were so quick and sudden i was knocked off my feet .
the air was knocked out of my lungs as i tried to wrangle out of his grasp .
i began beating his helmet as he continued to try and keep me from struggling .
his way of restraining me was never like anything i fought before .
he was n't nearly as strong as depression , but somehow i just could n't get a hold of him .
the way he fought was different , not necessarily painful , but ...
suddenly he began pulling my hair and i violently reacted , knocking swinging my fist at his face .
my opponent staggered back , his helmet falling to the ground as he held his face .
i stood up trying to regain my lost breath .
` ` who are you ? ''
i called out , breathing heavily .
my opponent removed the hand covering his face .
the ugly , twisted face of a mental disease as i was expecting , was not there .
instead a very handsome and carved face stood in front of me .
the crowd jeered .
` ` i think you know , '' he laughed as he winked at me .
i shot straight up in bed , awakening in sweat .
no longer was i in gladiator armor , but an old t - shirt and pjs .
i look over to my phone for the time and noticed a new message .
2 new messages from aaron .
my heart warmed thinking of how happy i was just to hear from him and imagining his smile .
the thought of his beautiful girlfriend then involuntarily entered my mind .
my arena opponent was right .
i knew what kind of sickness he was .
love sickness .
they made me go on the evening news when it was discovered .
they made me sit in stifling lights in face - powder and ponder on the fate of the world .
how i thought it was going to happen .
even though i ' m a car mechanic , for christ 's sake .
an asteroid , i said the first time .
an asteroid crashes into earth while i ' m on one of my holidays , and i just happen to be on a far flung part of the planet and i am the last to go .
illness , i said the second time .
i ' ve always been pretty hardy .
i had bird flu once , and swine flu .
i 'll just cling onto my fever one day more than everyone else .
i do n't know , i said the third time .
i had become bored of being hauled in front of cameras by then .
and i do n't know .
but i ' m sat here on my porch , watching my children playing under the apple tree in the dying light of autumn , and it 's niggling on my mind again .
i am a good man .
i say thank you when i take my paper from the man outside the station in the morning , i look him in the eye .
i stood up to a racist on the bus once .
i tell shopkeepers they can keep the change .
but if you were told that you were going to outlive everyone , would n't you think that maybe , just maybe ...
you kill them all ?
as though time was conspiring against her , fey stared at the contingent of guards approaching her , their incredibly rare rune - marked armour glinting in the setting sunlight .
unlike the general village guards , she noted they had no weapons , but as they had all passed the test , she knew they probably did n't need any .
she wondered how her birthday had arrived so fast .
had tried her best to be steadfast and firm in her ability to pass the test , but it was there ; a thick cold lump of fear that sat firmly in her stomach .
without a word , the impressive guard contingent took up positions around her and marched her to the village boundary .
fey knew they would n't speak to her at all and was content to let them escort her through the thick forest .
she could refuse of course .
not take the test , but that would mark her in the eyes of the village and for the rest of time , once it was recorded in the tome of history she had now read countless times .
she steeled herself against the weakness she knew was inside her .
it was better to take the test and fail then not take it at all .
they approached and then passed the looming outer wall of the village that had kept them safe for so long .
like a puppet , fey had marched and stopped and marched in beat with the guards , completely lost in thought .
she looked around and was surprised to find they were well beyond the village boundary surrounded by humungous trees and thick vegetation .
even though she ’ d always been curious about what was beyond the village walls , she spent most of the time deep in thought .
` ` we 're here , good luck . ''
shocked , fey looked around her as trees and the soft carpet of fauna simply ended .
the guards saluted , turned as one and marched back into the forest .
` ` no , wait , '' she protested , but they were already gone .
this was n't a surprise .
the procedure had been explained .
the guards leave at the edge of the forest and if the test is failed , they will be there to escort you home .
even knowing this , she felt her terror and loneliness grow as the guards disappeared amid the trees .
she turned to face the alien looking landscape .
strange metal structures lined the short path to the cave opening , where two huge free - standing pillars of metal pulsed with intricate lines of a soft yellow light .
she had seen all of this as drawings in the book , but it meant nothing until now .
clenching her hands and steeling herself , she remembered why she was there .
the village depended on this .
it and the people within , their very existence , relied on enough of them passing the test and she was going to pass .
fey marched forward and passed between the pillars .
a faint buzzing washed over and she felt the hairs on skin stand up .
it was almost a pleasant sensation and she pushed on into the cave proper .
almost immediately the light from behind her disappeared .
fey spun around and found nothing .
there was nothing .
the cave entrance was gone .
there was no walls , no floor , no light of any kind , nothing .
` ` hello ! ''
she shouted as panic threatened to consume her .
` ` what ’ s happening ? ''
she simultaneously felt like she was going to throw up , cry and run screaming back to where she 'd she felt the cave opening had been .
fighting against her instincts , fey shut her eyes against the total blackness and tried to think back over the year of preparation with the elder .
she stamped her feet and felt the hardness of the floor and the soft thud of the hard material .
with that simple action a spark of relief washed through her .
` ` i can not see and the entrance is gone , '' she spoke out aloud into the nothingness , as though it was spell to fight her fear , ` ` but i am standing on something .
i am breathing air .
i am still alive . ''
nothing .
fey spun around , staring into the darkness , daring anything to appear .
she clenched her fists and took up a fighting stance .
she slowed her breathing and listened .
time passed and still nothing .
` ` do i fear that nothing will happen ? ''
she challenged the emptiness .
` ` do i fear that i never even get a chance to fail or succeed , '' she shouted .
more time than she dared to know passed and still there was nothing .
sweat trickled down her face
and she wiped it away , annoyed at her body 's weakness .
frustration flooded through her and she screamed at the nothing and everything around her ; at her dead parents , at the hardship everyone is faced with in the village , at the very decision her ancestors made in coming to the forsaken planet she was born on . ''
* * *
the elder marched to the head of the guard contingent and saluted at the gathering crowd of scared villagers near the boundary of the village .
` ` we will go to the cave and see if we can find out more , '' he shouted , ` ` be patient and tend to your duties . ''
with a quick march , the elder hurried through the main gate of the thick , high wall that kept them safe , with the silent guard contingent keeping pace .
` ` * no one has been in the cave for this long , '' * he thought , mentally checking his calculation , ` ` * the longest was a month , this has been nine , * ''
they arrived at the cave and found nothing out of the ordinary and the large metal door sealed shut .
if the cave no longer functioned , they were most certainly doomed , but he couldn ’ t imagine what had gone wrong .
` ` sir , '' a guard said , who was kneeling near one of the structures that lined the path leading to the entrance .
the elder approached and immediately acted , ` ` defensive positions , be ready . ''
the guards formed a circle , with the elder in the middle .
the elder sensed it first and let his body react to the danger rather than try to move .
skills developed from his long years , but born from his passing of the test activated instinctively .
a semi - translucent bubble formed around the group just as three metallic harpoons would ' ve lanced three guards .
instead , they bounced off the bubble and dropped to the floor with a loud clang .
the elder swivelled and saw the nine - foot metal humanoid forming more long harpoons from the liquid metal reservoir inside its arms and that it was preparing to throw them .
the elder realized he had never seen this variety before .
it appeared bigger and far deadlier and the weapon design , though simple was an efficient and silent killer ; more an assassin ’ s tool .
` ` * they 're always changing , but at least this one does n't know my power or it would n't have attacked with that type of weapon . * ''
the giant metal creature began launching countless and varied harpoons at the bubble protecting the group as if testing the bounds of the bubble .
with a sickening jolt , the elder realized he could never attack back without dropping the shield which would result in the thing killing a number of his men .
another thudding strike to the shield and he felt the crack in his power before he saw it .
another and another and the sounds of cracking glass permeated the inside of the bubble .
cracks appeared all over the faintly glowing bubble .
` ` be ready to attack back with everything you ' ve got , '' he shouted to the guards , ` ` the shield wo n't last much longer , '' fey sprinted past the elder 's bubble , her body moving with a grace and power he had n't seen in her before .
the elder , distracted , hadn ’ t seen the cave door opening .
she leaped , crossing an impossible distance and collided with the metal being .
the creature was flung backwards and collided hard with a tree .
sparks and fluid gushed out and the elder stared in shock as a giant section of the creature 's torso was simply gone .
it shakily got to its feet , made some unintelligible artificial noises and the right arm reformed into a giant wicked looking blade .
it swung at fey , but the elder and guard contingent watched dumbfounded as she simply caught the blade and snapped it off .
the metal creature cocked its head at her , seemingly in disbelief and fey leapt forward and crushed its head .
it dropped to the ground , leaking grey fluid in an expanding pool .
fey turned to the men with a furious look on her face .
` ` there is nothing ! , '' she shouted and turned back to the shaking pile of metal , ` ` we are nothing , we stand in the dark and do not see , '' she reached into the creatures torso as if it was made of paper and pulled out a glowing cube and crushed it , ` ` our fears are of our own making because we do not understand , '' she tossed aside the remains and approached the elder .
the guards instinctively stepped back from her .
` ` we must open our eyes and see that there is nothing , '' the elder stared into her brightly glowing blue eyes , ` ` open your eyes elder and see , see that there is nothing to fear as long as we see and understand . ''
strange ... normally she 's here by now .
wednesday 's were ` ` her day '' , according to her therapist
so she 'd start the day at starbucks and head to yoga class and finish off at macy 's , just to browse .
she enjoyed the perfume department especially but does n't have the money to buy any of it .
i have a bottle of all of the perfume 's she 's sampled .
she always goes back to * daisy * .
women ... 15 minutes late , this is getting weird .
ha , like what i ' m doing is n't ?
i know its weird
but i want to feel her .
i need to touch her , to know what she smells like , to hear her voice , begging me not to destroy her as i crush her skull beneath my fist .
i ca n't think about that now .
jess , for the love of god where are you ?
the tracker on your phone is n't even showing up .
her phone must be off , or dead .
turn your phone on dammit !
god i hope she 's ok .
what am i saying ?
she 's the perfect age for freaks like me to destroy , 23 next november 4th to be precise .
i hope no one else got to her .
she 's my prize , mine to be won , mine to destroy .
a policeman taps on my window and points to the ` ` 30 minute parking limit '' sign in front of my jeep .
pig .
i smile and apologize and circle around the mall a few times hoping to find her .
god help her if i do ...
maybe she 's at the yoga studio .
i speed downtown , my heart beating out of my chest .
i think i skipped a few red lights but i do n't give a fuck right now , jess is missing .
she 's not at the yoga studio , she 's not at macy 's
and she 's not at her house .
her bed is disheveled .
her coffee pot is cold and full but her fridge was left open and a jar of jelly was left on the counter next to a plate of bread crusts , hastily pulled off in little bits leaving a mess of crumbs on the counter .
that 's not like her , she 's not a messy person .
according to her therapist , she has ocd .
something like this would send her into a fit .
i ' m careful not to touch anything but make a point to slip her hairbrush into my bag .
i 'll need this later .
god its been 2 days
and i miss her face .
2 days ago i wanted to rip it off , now all i want to do is kiss her and tell her how much i ' ve missed her .
she 's single .
she has family but they are n't close , at least from the christmas cards she gets .
she does n't talk to the neighbors or her old roommate
but ... does n't anyone know she 's gone ?
does n't anyone care ?
am i the only one ? !
jess if you 're reading this i love you and i will find you
the soft clink of ice cubes against crystal accompany the gentlemen 's movements as he takes a drink from the tumbler .
i could probably have afforded the glass , but the vinho do porto a la napoleon in the glass would have cost me a month 's wages , let alone the whole bottle .
it did n't really bother me so much as the knowledge that the man drinking it could n't appreciate it .
one has to know bad brandy in order to know good , and it was obvious that this man had never had bad liquor .
the man was , like many of the others i had seen in the lounge , dressed in a sport coat over a simple pullover with slacks .
like all of the men , there was no obvious branding and the styles appeared , to my untrained eye in the subtlety of custom tailoring , similar .
this particular man 's coat was a deep lavender with an emerald green shirt and white slacks .
needless to say , the clothes fit him perfectly .
he was wearing custom slippers as well .
the club did n't allow anyone to wear shoes inside .
his hair was brown , and flecked with a dusting of silver around the temples .
i suspected it was done by a stylist , although it looked natural as hell .
i did n't belong here , and i knew it , but i had been invited .
or perhaps invited is n't the correct term ... brought along .
i was a piece in a game of chess and i knew it .
i believe they thought i was a pawn , and perhaps i was , but my own plan was to make it to the other side of the board .
then i would be a queen .
screw being king , that job sucked .
my benefactor , whom i only knew by the alias ' joseph ' , motioned towards the chairs across the victorian rosewood table from us .
he made the gesture smoothly , like a showman .
it reminded me of a magician offering the props of his show to a guest in the audience for inspection .
i suppressed a chuckle .
the italian leather sighed as the man settled into one of the chairs .
it was funny , in a way , noticing something like the sound of a chair being sat in .
it was like everything else around me : quality .
the sound that is .
it actually sounded like quality .
i do n't consider myself a woman motivated by avarice , but my ass did n't have any ethical dilemmas concerning this furniture .
it liked it and told me i wanted it .
i pushed the train of thought aside .
“ so a little birdie whispered in my ear that you ' ve got something special for us .
something we ' ve never seen before . ”
this time i could n't help making a face to lock down my instinctual snort of unkind humor .
it was just so ... cliché .
if i were making this up i 'd have made the man say something else , anything else , to avoid it .
the man 's eyes flicked to me for a moment , and i could see immediately that he had misinterpreted my scowl as disapproval .
not good , but it was better than him thinking i was laughing at him .
that would have been suicidal .
he took me in with a glance , and then appeared to dismiss me .
i could tell , however , that it was an affected dismissal .
this was like watching professional poker , and only a fool would assume these men were that easy to read .
joseph did n't give any outward sign of noticing the byplay .
he merely tapped one long , well - manicured finger against the rim of his own tumbler of incredibly expensive alcohol and replied with a single word .
“ yes . ”
for a moment the two men just looked at one another , neither moving or speaking .
then the man across from us let out an explosive sigh and relaxed back into the chair .
“ really ?
you 're going to make me pry the details of the proposal out of you piece by piece ? ”
“ not at all . ”
the placating smile on joseph 's face never came close to his eyes .
“ you know as well as i do that this is a sellers market .
the supply is always one , so marketing is just reputation for quality .
you 're interested , or you would n't be talking to me . ”
i was justified in my reminder to myself to take nothing for granted as i watched the words from joseph work like an alchemical spell on our gentleman visitors faux facade .
the rich child 's overconfidence and arrogant self - assurance melted away , along with all the softness , from his face .
the eyes that had twinkled before now glinted , reminding me more of a flashing blade than merriment .
“ who is holding the wager ? ”
the man asked .
i no longer thought of him as a gentleman .
“ tim ” replied joseph .
“ the amount ? ”
“ please .
this one 's in territory . ”
joseph 's smile reminded me of a predator .
the man across from us narrowed his eyes .
his hand covered his glass and i realized it was a tell .
i wondered if it was fake , but it appeared so unconscious that i suspected it was genuine .
he was shielding his property ... going defensive .
i filed that one away for later .
“ where . ”
the words were flat .
joseph raised a finger on his glass .
“ not important .
something small to cover expenses .
we can negotiate that through channels . ”
i thought i saw his eyes flicker towards me , but he was in profile
and i could n't be sure .
“ target ? ” asked the man across from us .
“ your choice , as usual . ”
joseph replied amiably .
“ again ... channels . ”
“ fine .
i ' m in . ”
the man got up and walked away from us .
he headed directly for the door , excusing himself curtly to those who attempted speak with him along his way .
they never discussed the bet , or me .
i suppose discussing one would be to discuss the other .
i could n't help feeling like a weapon on a stand being displayed .
a unique and very deadly weapon .
i was n't a soldier or assassin .
in fact , i doubted i could fight my way out of a sodden paper sack .
what i do is predict outcomes for very complex branched probability trees .
i 'd already proven it once .
i 'd sent a message to the man now exiting the club .
it was n't an email .
it was n't a voicemail .
it was a social stenogram .
six people i did n't know and had never met had repeated six stories to him in six days , and my patron had told him it would happen beforehand .
all six stories had been fiction , until they were n't .
i 'd predicted the outcome of 6ds over a week , just by telling stories online .
` ` you got ta realize kid , it 's the journey that matters .
that 's all that ever does .
no one finds answers at the end ...
in death . ''
the old man smiled amiably at me .
being me and the young idiot i was , i could n't or would n't understand .
he died two days later , that old heart finally gave , dropped out like the engine on an old ford with nearly three hundred thousand miles .
that was it , he was gone and with him went that peaceful smile .
i missed him for awhile , but eventually ...
well you know how it is , life moves on ....
the house was bathed in that late twilight blue .
the kind that makes it all dreamy looking .
i could n't see the old rug that i hated so much and that was all it took .
as i fell i heard my knees crack on that old washed wood floor .
i yelled out in pain as my body followed them down , finally succumbing to that relentless force of gravity that 'd been pulling on me since the day i was born .
no one heard my yell , or my cries for help .
i was an old man now and alone .
the culmination of everything i was in life coalesced into these final moments .
how terrible it is to die alone ; no children to carry on my memory , no friends to mourn me , no pet to comfort me .
they were all gone , or never existed in the first place .
as i laid there slowly hemorrhaging out the remainder of my life i realized with sudden clarity that this is what i 'd sowed .
my whole life pushing people away , because the ends justified the mean and the mean was always money .
my long lost love , the one who gave me that ugly rug , who i abandoned out of selfishness .
i always thought there would be more time .
` ` no one finds answers at the end ...
in death . ''
an old man with a amiable smile once told me .
i realized this too late , but you know what they say , life moves on ...
i came to the country of liberia to help people .
i really did .
i was brimming with optimism and idealism .
i was going to be a humanitarian .
then came the introduction at my first sgbv conference here .
a wonderful , beautiful little girl .
her voice the first ` ` voice '' i heard .
olivia spoke of how her family was displaced by war and how she lost her father , moved in with her uncle , and then it all began .
he ... took her .
he climbed into her room , wrestled her brother out of the way and simply took her .... repeatedly .
day , night , weeks , months .
her mother denied everything to keep their family fed .
when the sgbv joint programme was finally able to help her she had developed a fistula .
she could n't control her bowels and this beautiful girl was .... fuck it man ... she was destroyed .
she would have to be cared for her entire life .
then i started to work .
i realized that this place can be hell and heaven all at the same time .
that ex - pats ( aid workers ) were psychologically different because of this environment and that local people were both good and aggressively bad .
i developed a life here .... i grew roots .
then , some three or four months later .... olivia died .
infection and the clinic not being able to support her .
the recording ... the one i listened to when i first arrived ... had been playing on the radio repeatedly .
now it was cut off .
the first ` ` voice '' i heard diminished in nothingness .
and then , when the aid workers were making the talking rounds about this new event .
i heard that everyone at the programme were in shambles .
all of a sudden ... the head worker stood up and said ` ` listen ... guys ...
she 's in a better place but there are others we need to look after .
we all know she would have wanted this '' i came to the country of liberia to help people and by damn it i 'll give every ounce of myself to do so ....
` ` all hail the all - seeing king ! ''
` ` all bow to the all - seeing king ! ''
these people were often distraught and lost , a result of their lack of vision .
they could burn their crops to the ground and feed the chicken beef rather than grain .
but , there was a turn of fortune .
the blessed god had given them a man , a messiah , a king .
one who could see !
one who could tell that a horse was a horse without taking the risk of being kicked by the horse .
that 's always terrible ; three men have died because the others could n't find the unconscious fellow .
returning from this digression , this man was immediately made king .
not out of choice , he was simply superior , opposing him would be pointless .
` ` one eye is better than none ! ''
chanted the men .
this always pleased the king and he could feel something against his tunic .
maybe he could let one of the ladies feel for it .
and so months passed and so did years .
it was peaceful , the men unkicked and the crops unburnt .
but , no reign can last forever .
said the two - eyed man .
he had heard of this fabled land , a land where everyone was blind but one man .
deuyeux was a simple man in his land , a banker of sorts , he counted the rich people 's money and put in lockers .
but , now he could be king .
none of his other two - eyed brethren had taken the initiative ; they believed that this ' land of the blind ' or ' noseesee land ' was a myth , a fable , a land to scare little children .
horrible , the simple imagery made deuyeux gag .
he was just beginning to give up when he saw three women holding hands and walking slowly and carefully .
` ` how peculiar . ''
he ran towards them and saw that they had no sockets where their eyes could go .
` ` yes !
i have done it .
i have traversed to the other side of the world . ''
he thought as he jumped up and down , scaring the ladies .
it was n't much time later that he found the court room .
it was shabby and unkempt as expected .
the king was sitting there all alone , he liked the solace and he had an uncomfortably large lunch in the afternoon leading to the lethargy . ''
his face was in utter shock and disgust when he saw deuyeux .
` ` you , how ? ''
` ` i come from the land of the two - eyed and i ' m here to be your king . ''
` ` there 's a land of the two - eyed ? ''
` ` yes .
everyone there is two - eyed .
except this one woman , we are nothing if not diverse . ''
` ` would they accept a one - eyed man ? ''
` ` i guess , we have been looking for one .
it 'll complete the collection for 1 - 8 . ''
` ` alright , the throne 's yours .
bye . ''
he hopped outside the palace with such delight and joy .
he thought ` ` why would anyone want to be in the land of the blind ?
everyone 's running into you and dating has no challenge .
that damned fool .
tee - hee . ''
deuyeux thought , ` ` huh .
this ended well . ''
the end .
shut up .
i lost my glasses in the middle
and now i ' m going to look for the land of the blind .
the transport lurched to a halt and st11671 slapped the release on her harness .
she was moving almost before it snapped away .
the thunderous sound of the hatch spiked almost to painful levels before the sound dampeners of her helmet cut in .
her boots sounded on the deck in time with the rest of her troop .
her sergeant 's voice sounded in her head .
` ` move your fucking feet , shockers ! ''
71 's shuffled down the ramp with her troop .
something changed about the surface under her feet .
she took a deep breath and the seals on her facehelm cinched up , pulling on her skin .
to her left she saw st11656 twist and fall , briefly his voice tore through her coms before a voice cut it off .
` ` medic ! medic !
56 is down !
dickswinging troopers : when i fucking tell you to shave your face i mean baby shit smooth !
lookit 56
if you ca n't figure out why ! ''
71 was glad she did n't have facial hair .
her boots crushed the odd , green crystals as she walked forward .
the rust colored air contrasted with the glowing green crystals on the ground .
her helmet suppressed the sound of the transport and the close air support , but she knew it was there .
she could feel the air pressure change as the cas wing skimmed above her head .
the coms lit up again as her hud started to pulse purple , ` ` shock troop 116 , listen up . ''
71 's step faltered , her chin dropped ` ` stand ready ! ''
71 set her jaw .
` ` bear down ... 3 ... 2 ... errrrp '' 71 's skin lit up with static electricity as the pre - combat chemical cocktail hit her bloodstream .
she could smell the color of the plasma bolt form the apc .
she felt the sound of plasma rifles torn from holsters as members of her troop started to come online and charge forward .
it was the same every time but somehow always different .
that rush .
whatever that chemical cocktail was , it was the thing , baby .
it was the thing .
breath came in short , powerful draws .
her heart did n't beet faster ...
it beat bigger .
her muscles , every last one , tightened and then , suddenly let loose .
71 snatched the plasma launcher from her armor .
the smell of the charging cell lubricant burning off managed to get through the helm filter as she brought her weapon up .
the scream came unbidden from her mouth , ` ` one one six ! ''
she never consciously decided to pull the trigger but she watched as her first shot hit he enemy center of mass and the body exploded as the liquids in the cells boiled off .
another rush of chemicals ... wait ?
neuro suppressors and pain killers ...
what the .... 71 stopped .
there was a cold tightness at her chest .
she took a deep breath ... no pain .
good news .
another breath ... something wet moved in her chest .
her hud displayed the bright yellow message ` ` nc dosages at critical '' and she triggered the override , pouring the last of the pain meds into the bloodstream .
a scream exploded from her lips as she heard the hud ai say ' eva suit compromised , execute emergency seal procedures ' .
the edges of her hud pulsed red .
then she felt the searing cold as the hole in her chest froze .
her breath stopped .
her chest got tighter .
she took a breath as her pulse fell away .
` ` oh shit '' then a sharp pain .
she could n't breathe in .
her heart stopped .
` ` i do n't think i can do this '' she said , voice cracking on the phone .
i stood , baffled , speechless and numb .
she told me to meet her and i drove , emotions on fire .
anger flashing , sorrow cutting , oblivion calling .
she got in the car and spoke words which were meant to reassure but only cut all the more into my heart .
i cried and she saw me weep .
i drove her home
and i went home .
out my rear view , her home shrunk one last time .
i drank myself to sleep .
i hoped never to wake again .
and life went on .
my eyes cracked open letting the god awful sun light in .
traffic sounds started to assault me from across a street , and a garbage truck driver decided today was going to be the day he tested how well he could shake a dumpster .
i hate living in the city .
“ oh , the little cunt wakes ! ”
goddamnit .
ever since chloe popped into my life a couple weeks ago it ’ s been one non - stop tough love life lesson .
fucking angels .
you ’ d think that celestial beings would be more eccliastical .
apparently not this one .
no , as my shit luck would have it i got the foul - mouthed brit whose general demeanor could be described as “ chad - like ” .
sure she keeps me from dying , but she sure as hell doesn
’ t do it with any form of grace .
would also help if she wasn ’ t an instigator of so many poor decisions .
i groan and rub my eyes pushing hard enough so the pounding in my head diminishes to a dull thud .
whose idea was it to take tequila shots ?
oh right .
just as i ’ m contemplating the meanest thing i could say to try to get underneath her skin , i ’ m suddenly flying through the air and land face first on the hardwood floor .
“ what the fuck , chloe ? ! ”
i scream grasping my head as i gingerly pick myself up off the floor .
her guffaws sound like a dying hippopotamus trying to utter its mating call for one last bang before he goes .
you know the kind , they laugh on the inhale too .
it ’ s infuriating .
god i can ’ t wait to die .
“ aren ’ t you supposed to protect me from doing stupid shit ? ”
i push the mattress back onto the box spring and meander into the kitchen .
i ’ ll fix the sheets later .
“ nah , mate .
i ’ m just supposed to keep you from dying .
sure they want me to take good care of ya , but fuck , this is way more fun . ”
“ ok then can ’ t you just do it from afar , you know without being a royal pain in my ass ? ”
“ sure , but that gets boring , and frankly you weren ’ t doing anything with your life anyway . ”
“ yea , well i was happy doing what i was doing !
i don ’ t need you here , to ‘ fix ’ my life . ”
“ mate , have you looked in a mirror ?
you ’ re a fat fuck who can ’ t muster the sodding energy to walk up the 1 flight of stairs to your flat if the bloody lift ’ s in use .
now come on , that fat ’ s not burning itself off . ”
“ i haven ’ t eaten breakfast yet . ”
i scoop some lucky charms out of the plastic container into a bowl .
“ lucky charms ?
again ?
what you goin ’ for the trifecta ?
fat , lazy and diabetic ? ”
i grit my teeth .
i can ’ t believe i thought i was lucky when i found out i had a guardian angel .
she was beautiful too , nut brown hair spilling over her shoulders , deep blue eyes and the faint trace of a halo over her head .
it was only visible from certain angles which was kind of cool .
she was dressed in a form fitting t - shirt and jeans which i found a bit odd , but she was stunning .
until she opened her damn mouth .
two weeks of this verbal abuse , and you ’ d think i would have learned to just go with it .
“ what else do you want me to eat ?
it ’ s all i have here . ”
“ you live next door to a grocer , you twat , go buy somethin ’ else ! ”
“ fine ! ”
we exit my apartment and head to the elevator .
“ wrong way , tubs .
stairs are over here . ”
“ fuck you .
i ’ m hung - over because of you , i ’ m taking the fucking elevator . ”
“ no you bloody aren ’ t. get your thunderous arse here and walk down the 10 steps . ”
i knew if i took the elevator anyway she ’ d just berate me in her high pitched voice and i ’ d be seeing stars by the time the door opened .
“ fuck . fine . ”
we walk next door to the grocery store .
the sliding glass doors open
and i ’ m blasted in the face with air conditioning .
good thing too , that 5 minute walk had worked up a sweat .
“
alright .
we ’ re here , now what ? ”
“ what do you mean now what ?
have you never stepped foot in a grocery store before ?
ok look , ” she pointed at a cart “ that ’ s a trolley , or as you cunts call it , a shopping cart .
it has wheels so you can push it around , and put things in it that you ’ ll be stuffing your rotund face with later on .
make sense ? ”
“ i know what a fucking shopping cart is , chloe . ”
i grunted at her as i grabbed one and started heading to the frozen section .
at least there i knew i could get some frozen pizzas and the like .
other people start noticing me as i ’ m walking about .
quick glances here and there .
i ’ m used to it .
“ ok , some pizza , hot pockets , and maybe some waffles .
yea waffles would be good . ”
i ’ m starting to get excited about eating pepperoni when the winged beast chimes in .
“ not today , fatty . ”
she grabs the front of my cart and whips it around 180 degrees .
“ why the fuck not ! ?
it ’ s not cereal , it has lots of shit on it that isn ’ t cereal ! ”
“ you think that ’ s the only criteria for food ?
that it has shit on it and it isn ’ t made of sugar ?
fucking hell , you ’ re bloody hopeless .
35 years old and still eating like a fat 12 year old .
no wonder you sit at home all day playing games and wanking to milf porn . ”
i ’ ve had enough .
i can ’ t take it anymore .
“ you know what , chloe .
get fucked ! ”
other patrons startled , they look at me and then look around .
probably looking for security .
“ i don ’ t want a guardian angel , i don ’ t need one .
my life was perfectly fine before you came in , and i sure as hell don ’ t need you telling me what to do and how to do it .
and why the fuck do you care anyway ?
seems to me like you ’ d rather be out doing crazy shit with other batshit crazy angels , doing crazy angel shit .
whatever the fuck that is .
so just get out of my goddamn life ! ”
i never saw the fist coming .
all i knew was that my face imploded and that my nose had turned into a faucet for red kool - aid .
a collective gasp was heard from the other people in the produce section .
i came down on my knees with my face in my hands , completely confused as to what happened .
then i heard it .
that goddamn laughter .
i looked up and she was bent at the waist , gut laughing .
“ oh , mate ! ”
she said in between gasps “ you should have seen your face ! ”
more laughter .
in a mocking tone and fake angry expression she says “ look at me , i ’ m a fat fuck yelling at an angel cuz i ’ m angry ! ”
doing the mock angry dance .
after a couple minutes of laughing and by standers looking concerned , but not enough to approach me , she calms down .
“ alright ya behemoth .
see if you can ’ t muster up some energy to stand back up and finish getting some food . ”
i silently gather myself up off the floor and proceed to collect the ingredients as directed .
no use in fighting her anymore .
i don ’ t have the energy .
thankfully the only thing she says to me while directing me are the usual “ cunt , wanker , sod , prick ” and so on that was just something i accepted .
we get to the checkout line .
“ see ?
that wasn ’ t so bad , was it , queen latifah ? ”
“ shut up , chloe . ”
the checker looked at me quizzically , but silently took my payment .
“ see , now we ’ ll have a proper breakfast that isn ’ t just processed sugar and wheat . ”
“ well whoopty fucking doo . ”
i take my change , and thank the checker .
as we ’ re walking out of the store , chloe taps me on the shoulder .
i turn my head to face her and she pulls a bottle of tequila , seemingly out of thin air .
“ we ’ re having this for lunch ! ” goddamnit . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
the checker quietly watches as hank walks out of the grocery store .
she turns to the other checker one lane over .
“ who was he talking to ? ”
“ i have no clue .
didn ’ t see a blue tooth , and another customer said he punched himself in the face ”
april 19th , year unnoted three long scars running down his back , and many more like it littered his body .
the only surprise was how his face had remained intact , allowing his scars to be hidden until he had to wash all the grime from the portion of the journey that lay behind us .
it was evident now why he had been so reluctant to return to the forest , we could all see his memories of this place .
it was ominous here , unsure if the distant rustle was from a slight pick up in the wind or something much more malevolent .
humans have conquered all realms outside the the forest , but here we were just another part of the food chain .
guns can only do you so good in the darkness .
the darkness ... it was unbearable , it made fools of us .
our doctorates meant nothing out here , we were dumber than the common deer .
fortunately for us , we did n't seem to be as appetizing to whatever waited in the void around us .
there were deer bones everywhere , with no human interference , animal populations exploded in these parts .
herds of 1,000 + deer are not uncommon and much , much more is beyond our sight .
i have n't thought of a new name for these deer here , they are not unlike the white tailed deer except for the fact they are much darker and seem to be nearly blind , not that it matters much here .
light is scarce and only small rays are able to break through the canopy when the suns at its highest .
my name is damien miles , and i am a modern day explorer .
my team includes survival expert and previously mentioned , scar - bearer , aaron collins .
choreographer jamie thomas .
hunter / tracker austin hunt , i ' m still unsure if that was he had change his name or if he were truly born for his craft .
lastly there was william mcdaniels , a un official regarding atlas forest exploration .
our mission was to survey the atlas forest , or the forest as it was called by most since it was the single largest of the 5 great forests that engulfed the continents .
the atlas forest seperate the country formerly known as the united states of america and the continent of europe .
it 's all the united nation now .
they dropped the 's ' after the war when all the nations decided to end the hatred and bloodshed between them .
things are a lot more peaceful now , except resources are dwindling and the great forests are humanities final hope here on earth .
we ' ve been here for 2 weeks and problems are already occurring .
these portable flood lights are damn inconsistent , but i guess you ca n't ask for much of satellite powered machines once you 're in the forest .
stored electricity cells was a thing of the past but i sure could go for a couple double a 's for these things .
even a split second in the darkness is too long .
the howling of beasts grows louder , the tensions grow stronger ...
it reminded me of the war .
click click click the drums inside the little , metal , ticking heart yearning for the light of end while it slowly falls apart *
the final task is set and it , * * so close to done with all of this *
*
but now it needs to find it 's home , *
* it 's mission done , in metal bliss .
*
but wait , these creatures are n't the ones !
they do n't know of all i ' ve done
and though i scream and try to run they tear into my lighted sun !
*
and from my heart ... my sun , it bursts ...
*
* and lights the path , from last to first ...
*
* and shows them things they never dreamed .
*
*
and as they knew ... they died ...
they screamed ... *
` ` thank god , '' he said under his breath as the sobs finally gave way to a near silent wimpering .
light had just been fading beyond the hills when he had sent michael home and took up the watch for the night , but now the torch fixed near the door frame was the only source of light on this moonless night .
it had started to wear on him , the crying , as it reminded him all too much of the sound of his own thirteen year old daughter .
` ` that much makes sense at least , '' he thought ` ` and not much else has this week . ''
a chill shot down his spine as much from the cold as from the renewed weeping of the young girl .
the days prior had been confusing , but at least his task was clear .
when the girls mother had turned her in , nobody wanted to believe her words until they were corroborated by her husband .
the woman had returned from her nearby childhood home to find her husband , the pastor , in bed with their daughter .
the pastor has no memory of the event , but between the blood on the sheets and the blank unchanging expression of the girl it became clear that their daughter had used black magic to seduce and entrance her own father .
` ` no , '' he thought .
` ` i will not be one to fall under her evil influence . ''
still , despite the danger of entering the room , he became nervous at the sound of the witch moving around inside .
who knows what she is capable of if she can corrupt the mind of a man of god .
he shivered again and cursed the cold night , but remembers that tomorrow he will not have to worry for warmth .
he smiled as he thought of the fire that would consume this evil being .
the sly witch would try to convince them that she was but a normal girl with tears , cries for help and screams , but they knew the truth of it and were doing his work .
his eyes turned upward as he whispered , ` ` thank god . ''
inside the room of a normal teenage girl exists a talking head of a teenage girl .
she 's leah , and right now , she 's only a head .
she 's on her bed , and opposite to her is her best friend , jennifer .
` ` this seems unfortunate , '' leah said , closing her eyes .
` ` you think ? ''
jennifer said , visibly perplexed by the situation .
` ` where 's the rest ... of you ? ''
she gulped .
` ` do n't know , i woke up like this . ''
` ` how exactly do you just wake up as a head ? ''
` ` i told you , i do n't know , '' she wants to shake her head , but the lack of a torso prohibits her so .
` ` ah wait , there 's a suitcase below my bed , that might provide some clues . ''
jenny took the surprisingly heavy suitcase and opened it , with much difficulty .
she screamed after seeing its contents .
` ` oh , so that 's where they are , '' inside the suitcase is leah 's body parts , fitted and arranged neatly .
` ` there 's a paper , can you hold it for me ? ''
despite feeling nauseated , jennifer did as she 's told and let leah read the paper .
` ` it 's a manual on how to put me back . ''
jennifer then looks at the paper and saw the procedure as follows .
` ` step one : stick them together to where they belong . ''
so far so good , jenny thought .
` ` step two : there 's no step two . ''
stressed by the situation , jennifer did n't take the paper 's humor kindly .
she rips it to shreds and throws it at the window .
` ` jenny , calm down , '' leah said .
` ` just stick me back , okay , '' she winked .
so jenny sticks her friend back to normal , one body part after another .
magically , her body part stuck naturally once placed correctly .
` ` finally , i thought i would live out the rest of my life like that , '' leah stretched her arms and legs , clearly liking the sensation .
` ` good thing you came today , i 'll probably be dead by the weekend if it were n't for you , '' she hugged jennifer and kisses her in her cheeks a lot of times ` ` it 's no big deal , '' jennifer blushed at her friend 's display of gratitude .
` ` but are you sure you 're okay ?
you 're missing a belly button . ''
` ` that 's alright , i do n't think that 's important . ''
` ` how careless ... '' ...
later that day , when jennifer is back to her room , she brought something out of her pocket .
it was a belly button .
with heavy breaths , she stuck out her tongue and licks it .
` ` what the hell am i doing ? ''
she said , immediately putting the belly button in a safe place , and deciding to go to sleep ....
leah felt a wave of gentle tickles in her abdomen for about an hour , failing to sleep miserably .
i was 15 when i had my first curry .
i can still remember the suggestion of cayenne and cumin lingering in the air as we entered the local indian restaurant .
my father ordered me phaal as a joke ; he would often set me up to fail in order to amuse himself - my teens were difficult .
he said ` ` you 'll love this one son '' with the same devious smirk he had on his face when he said ` ` here taste this '' and handed me yellow snow when i was five .
the dish arrived and i have to say it smelled wonderful .
` ` tuck in then boy ! ''
exclaimed my father enthusiastically as he held a mouthful of chicken korma up to his lips .
he did n't chew though , he paused in anticipation .
despite this arousing suspicion i did indeed tuck in .
it was incredible !
i had never before tasted such a wonderful combination of flavours in my mouth .
i looked up at my fathers face , and he had the same look of disappointment on his face as he did when i told him i did n't like football .
` ` not burning ya mouth eh boy ?
oh well , you just wait ' til morning . ''
i had no idea what he meant , so i just carried on enjoying the culinary euphoria on the plate in front of me .
6am
and i awoke rather sharply to a rumble in my stomach like never before .
i headed towards the bathroom with urgency and had no time to lock the door behind me before sitting on the toilet .
i felt the cold tickle of cling film under my cheeks and realised my father had anticipated this trip and covered the toilet with it hoping i would n't notice .
as i looked up he was peering through the open door laughing triumphantly .
there was no time , it happened before i knew it and it went dark ...
as i opened my eyes everything was hazy .
why was i lying down ?
i could feel something digging in to my back , and my leg did n't feel quite right .
as i sat up and cleared my vision i could see only rubble , burnt and blackened bricks lay across the floor and pieces of ceramic that once belonged to the toilet bowl had been spread right through to where the tv once sat in the living room .
that too was shattered from what i assumed at this point was some kind of explosion .
i check my skin and there were no burns , not even a slight irritation despite it being clear to me that my clothes had been burned off .
` ` dad ? ! ''
as i get my bearings i limp the direction i had last seen my father when he was watching my struggle .
i find him laying under the collapsed kitchen table still conscious
but in severe pain from the burns on his skin .
i remember pausing for a moment and thinking how bizarre he looked without eyebrows .
i heard the sound of sirens approach and saw their lights reflect off of all the broken glass
so i felt reassured that they would help him .
i stood tall and walked in the opposite direction to find my destiny with the x - men .
i could not be hurt by extreme spice in my mouth , nor could an explosion burn my skin .
after a curry i become a hidden explosive capable of destroying targets , and breaking in to criminals vaults when tnt just is n't enough .
i can rescue victims from burning buildings and return unharmed .
i am boompants .
when terrible we d with horrific , they did n't know what in specific , would be their new child ( though they hoped rough and wild )
but instead what they got was terrific ! -
she was n't the best as a baby , drove both of her parents half crazy , with her gurgles and chirps happy smiles and her smirks and her golden hair bright as a daisy - as she grew up the girl was suspicious that maybe the family business was n't her cup of tea
so maybe she 'd be just that little bit more ambitious -
so with her parents she gathered , and on and on she blabbered , ' i do n't think i ' m made for all your grim behavior i 'd be more of a help than a hazard ! '
- horrific and terrible debated , and concluded that their kid was fated to pursue her own road
so they let her go which left the girl feeling elated .
- i ' m no ace of the neuroscientific but with predictions i ' m rather prolific .
but even i could n't forsee what a joy it would be , when terrible we d with horrific .
you look at it .
putrescent miasmas permeate the air from it 's pustules .
flaking skin slowly floats to the ground .
the pain filled moans cut right into your heart .
you hope it will die soon .
you hate to see them like this .
these poor , wretched things .
you look away , hoping it will be gone , but they 're never gone .
they 're needed so that you and others like you can live a healthy and happy life .
for most , they are merely trashcans for all the diseases that exist in this world , but for you , they are the unsung heroes of mankind .
because if it were n't for them , you and all the others would be dying , if not already dead .
the virus hit hard when it appeared .
some said it was manufactured , others that it came from mother nature .
there were even some that claimed the aliens did it .
in the end it did n't matter where it came from .
all that mattered was that it was deadly and that it did n't discriminate .
nobody was safe , there was no immunity .
humanity was dying .
a slow , painful death .
the greatest minds could n't solve it , not in the usual way .
no , it was not the usual way indeed that saved us .
it was the thinking out of the box spiel that managers all over the world used to fool us into doing more work .
unfortunately , outside of the box there was no beauty , no happiness .
those crazy scientists managed to find something , not a cure , but a way to avoid the virus 's grasp .
they created the ` ` martyrs '' .
the government , or what was left of it , gathered all the criminals , all the misfits , everyone else that did n't fit their pattern and modified their dna in such a way that all disease along with the virus would be attracted to them .
they then chained those poor souls to the ground all around us .
this was so that the martyrs could better absorb our sickness .
the people that were now healthy praised the martyrs for their sacrifice at first , but it did n't take long until they forgot them .
they became just another useful object like a frying pan , a bandage or a washing machine .
but you know .
you have n't forgotten them .
you see them everywhere you look .
you see their suffering and you wish it would end , you wish you could help them die .
you ca n't .
not if you do n't want to become one of them .
the government is always watching .
there is always a need for martyrs .
so you close your eyes and , tears overflowing , you leave .
you leave and as you do so you whisper : ` ` please forgive me . ''
her laugh rises above the constant din of rain .
she is soaked .
her floral dress stuck to her rotund frame .
patients and visitors coming in file past her quickly .
they flee because they don ’ t understand her magic .
the subtle healing she provides .
worried patrons mention her at the front desk .
the staff smiles , assures them it ’ s all right .
a few of the nurses look at each other and giggle softly then go back to their duties .
curious eyes glance out the last window in the waiting room watching as the woman bends over to gasp in a breath before standing up and belting out another full laugh , so loud that they can all hear her .
suddenly the rain stops .
the sun is shining through the clouds , creating a whirl of colours on the existing mists .
children on the second floor look out their windows .
people begin to laugh with the woman .
it starts with a smile , then a snicker , a giggle , a snort
and then soon several people in the hospital are laughing .
it catches like wildfire going from one end of the hospital to the other , and following patients and visitors as they leave .
most don ’ t know why they are laughing but it feels good .
it is a period of happiness , which for a magical moment overshadows the pain and discomfort .
she stops laughing , and stands for a moment listening .
satisfied she smiles and disappears ; her magic is not like any others .
she weaves a little sunshine into lives , and brings them the medicine of laughter .
* * criss angel responsible for recent airline disasters * * las vegas , nevada — criss angel , famed illusionist and magician , announced tuesday that the recent airline mysteries involving both malaysia airline flights , as well as saturday ’ s airasia disaster , were his own doing .
“ it is part of my upcoming special , ” angel said at a press conference .
“ i wanted to truly shock the world with a great illusion , and figured what better way than a series of aviation disasters ? ”
angel , most well - known for his television program * mindfreak , * called the press conference following rumors that the collective collisions may not have been accidents or government cover - ups , but rather nothing more than illusions .
speculation began after a life vest was recovered wrapped curiously around a black hat housing a drowned rabbit , which was spotted in the java sea floating next to a corpse .
the rabbit was not able to be resuscitated .
“ i wanted to pull off the greatest illusion in history , ” angel said , dressed entirely in black , his eyeslids caked in what appeared to be way too much eyeliner .
“ i wanted people to be stunned , to be stupefied by what i ’ d managed to do .
an illusion unlike any other . ”
angel is no stranger to the macabre , making his living by confusing and scaring anyone from civilians on the street to celebrities in their own homes .
his tricks range from cutting open his arms to retrieve a “ vanished quarter ” in what appears to be a cry for help , to falling directly onto sharpened swords and unfortunately not dying .
unlike most illusionists , however , angel revels in revealing exactly how his tricks are accomplished , dedicating entire portions of his shows to needlessly emotional explanations .
when asked to expand on how exactly the catastrophes were illusions , and when the families of all three disasters could finally reconnect with their loved - ones , angel obliged : “ it ’ s quite simple , ” he explained , standing in a room filled with the families of the disaster victims , “ i just hired a bunch of guys to crash the planes into the oceans with the promise of life - after - death .
the only illusion is the illusion of an illusion .
everyone is dead . ”
angel then dropped the microphone on the floor and extended his arms out as if he were jesus on the cross .
the room remained in a stunned silence for almost a full minute before eventually erupting into applause , finally appreciating the gravity of such a trick .
not everyone in attendance was pleased , however .
“ i don ’ t see how this is an illusion , ” aireen omar , ceo of airasia , said following the conference .
“ those are real bodies in that water , real people .
i lost a lot of money from this . ”
angel was arrested shortly after the conference under the charges of international terrorism .
however , police reports claim that he later slipped out of his handcuffs and levitated out of the room .
dust settled into a fine layer over the dark wooden floor boards of a dark bedroom .
the only proof that the figure on the bed lived was the perfectly straight trail of dainty foot prints from the foot of the bed to the door of the bathroom .
clothes were scattered atop the bed , men 's clothes mostly , tangled in the old quilted blankets that the girl lay on and hanging precariously close to the dusty floors .
the girl in the bed seemed to be the embodiment of depression .
every so often a pained sigh would break through the sounds of her crying , but her eyes stayed glued to the shattered mirror .
she never believed in fairy tales .
if something sounded like a fairy tale even in the slightest , she wrote it off as fantasy .
yet , somehow she found herself testing the summoning mirror myth .
the story that anyone could be summoned in a mirror if you wanted it badly enough .
all you had to do was say their name .
three times and they 'd appear .
she wished she had never thought of the story .
no , she wished that she could forget her attempt but she could n't .
she could see his face , horrible images of the shortest yet longest interaction she ever endured with him .
daniel .
she turned away from the mirror for the first time pulling some of his clothes closer and thinking about the way he came to her mirror .
- ` ` daniel matthews .
daniel mathews . ''
she took a deep breath , eyes focused intensely on her reflection .
` ` daniel ... matthews . ''
she stood there , staring , for five minutes before she began to doubt herself .
of course a silly fantasy about calling people through your mirror could n't be true .
just any old mirror ?
no .
it would be more believable if it was a specific mirror .
she stood in front of a mirror that had been bought through a flea market .
it was beautiful , sure , but it was n't magic .
in fact , daniel had picked the mirror .
he loved filigree designs like the ones that were carved into the wooden frame of this large mirror .
as soon as he saw it he grabbed maggie 's arm in excitement .
they left with it instantly , hanging it in their bedroom together .
it did n't match anything , but he did n't care .
` ` maggie ... maggie ... ''
a voice called , ` ` magg ... maggie ... ''
` ` daniel ?
daniel are you there ? ''
she asked frantically , ` ` daniel , please . ''
` ` maggie ... come closer , maggie . ''
the voice was a chilling mixture of tones .
she leaned in , no care for how abnormal he sounded , placing her child - like palms on the cool glass .
it began to warm beneath them .
the silhouette of a man began to distort her reflection .
the silhouette was n't that of a normal man , jagged shapes could be made out on his right cheek and left shoulder .
very messy could also be made out , but she could still see no details .
` ` daniel , why ca n't i see you ? ''
she asked , running her finger tips near his left cheek .
` ` i thought that i would be able to see you ... ''
` ` you want to see me , maggie ?
you want to see me ...
well , alright .
see me ... ''
details began to appear rapidly .
maggie 's stomach began to twist .
daniel was there , but he was a monstrous version of his old self .
his eyes seemed to be filled with blood , blocking out the green of his eyes that maggie had loved so much , and the shape of them was compromised by what looked like boils on his hairless - brow .
the jagged shapes that were noticeable earlier were now shown to be torn flesh .
his right cheek was torn wide open , revealing his teeth and a black substance that coated his tongue and throat .
his left arm was cut to the bone with flesh hanging horribly on his shoulder .
maggie took her hands off the mirror .
this was n't daniel .
this was a monster .
she fell back , clouds of dust bursting up around her , and began to cry again .
` ` i thought you wanted to see me ... maggie ... ''
he growled , gurgling noises joining in with his terrible voice .
` ` you did this , maggie .
you killed me , maggie ! maggie !
` ` maggie began to shrink back , pulling herself slowly away from the mirror .
she kept her eyes closed , but her hands searched frantically for salvation .
something , anything that could help her .
from where the mirror was she could hear a gut wrenching noise .
it was something she had n't heard before but she knew it was terrible .
the opposite wall caught her by surprise and she let out a yelp as something splattered on the floor in front of her .
` ` no , no , no ... ''
she cried , ` ` you 're not him .
you 're not daniel ! ''
her hand brushed up against something .
a dog bowl .
she gripped the rim of it , pulling it in to her chest and sobbing .
no matter what noise she heard , her eyes stayed shut tight as she rocked and sobbed against the wall .
` ` oh , it 's ...
me ... baby , '' the horrible voice of daniel groaned , ` ` you could n't forget ...
the man you ... loved ...
the man you ... * killed * ! ''
something slimy wrapped around her ankle as another splatter followed by a tearing , ripping noise filled the room again .
she tried to yank her ankle away
but it would n't give .
her eyes shot open and he was there .
pulling himself toward her , using her ankle as leverage .
a black , ooze covered hand wrapped painfully around her ankle .
his eyes glared up at her .
` ` no ! let go , let go ! ''
she cried , shaking her ankle , ` ` i did n't kill you !
it was n't my fault ! ''
she raised her free foot in the air and rammed it into daniels face .
the sound was worse than the ripping and splattering .
a crunch came from beneath her foot , followed by a snap .
daniels jaw hung on by threads of flesh from his left cheek as he cried out .
the splattering of the black goo was more like a pouring as it covered the floor beneath his head .
his mangled body began to writhe in the fluid , covering him in black .
` ` i ' m sorry ... so sorry ... ''
she whispered , extending a hand toward him before pulling it back to the dog bowl .
daniels hateful eyes stayed controlled regardless of how his body rolled in agony .
the sounds that came from his throat were demonic , growling and gurgling .
his eyes never lost her , though .
no one ever talked about this , about the people coming * out * of the mirror .
maggie was angry and filled with disbelief .
why , if this was real , would n't people talk about what could happen ?
why ?
she screamed , launching the dog bowl at their mirror .
daniel stopped moving as soon as it shattered .
` ` murderer ... murd- ''
the gurgling got worse as his body began to disintegrate in the bedroom floor , eyes not leaving hers for a second .
maggie crawled to her bed , sobbing as she pulled herself into it 's warmth .
she did n't cover up , instead , she stared at the broken mirror , tears running into her hair .
every now and then a painful sigh would escape her lips .
she got up only to go to the bathroom , making a perfectly straight trail from the foot of the bed to the toilet .
hunger did n't touch her and thirst was so dull she barely noticed it .
- ` ` maggie , dear , '' a sweet voice cooed from the foot of the hospital bed , ` ` it 's time to take your medicine .
dr. matthews will be in soon to talk to you . ''
` ` who sent the message ? ! ''
screamed the boss .
` ` i do n't know sir !
it was just sent from our mainframe 10 minutes ago under a guest account ! ''
said his co - worker , knowing his job and life was on the line .
` ` the president is counting on me to get to the bottom of this .
the whole world could be in danger !
do your job properly and figure out how to stop this !
what the f**k does ' 1v1 me ' even mean ? ''
suddenly the glass door slid open , revealing the young intern .
he 'd only been there a couple of days , and it 's safe to say he was n't liked by the others .
some of the employees were top astronomers , they 'd had tens of years of experience and he was just ' a kid who wanted to be an astronaut ' .
` ` you ... did you send it ? ''
` ` send what ? ''
` ` the message '' ` ` what message ? ''
` ` the one delivered to the gosp ...
i mean ... alien -_- . ''
` ` ohhhh yea you mean the challenge i sent him ?
hah , there 's nothing to worry about .
i ' ve got it covered . ''
the boss leaned forward .
he took a good look at the intern .
the boss remembered the day he first joined nasa .
he 'd always been fascinated by space as a kid .
born on the 29th of july 1958 , his parents always made an effort to arrange a space - themed birthday party .
before the boss could question him any more , a sudden thud came from above as shards of glass began falling near the corners of the room .
all speech was muted while an extremely loud humming came from above .
everyone looked up to see a metallic floating probe .
it hovered like an f-35 , but no figure could be seen .
the communication protocol display went blank all of a sudden and simply displayed the letter : ` ` k ''
the room became surrounded by men wearing armour with the letters ' fbi ' painted on the bulletproof vests over their shoulders , like an army of kids flocking to an ice cream van .
without a second to spare , the ship let out a sudden burst of light .
everyone in the room disintegrated into flesh and dust .
everyone except the intern .
` ` show yourself !
it 's time to fight like real men ! ''
screamed the intern at the top of his voice .
it became very obvious he was scared .
behind the smoke emerged the most beautiful girl you 'd ever see .
her eyes reflected the light like stars .
her face lit up the room like the sun .
he was blown away and was about to start running to her until ... ` ` tim ? tim ? ? ''
whispered a muffled voice from behind .
` ` tim i want to talk to you . ''
it was at this point the intern realised what he had got himself into .
tim was depressed .
the employees were the people he worked around .
always avoiding him because of his disability .
the fbi was the force of work pushing against him .
space was the inescapable paradox that he 'd always been able to escape it , he 'd just been afraid .
` ` tim .
i wanted to say i ' m sorry about what happened at the reunion .
those people you work around treated you like shit !
and then the police came because it got out of control !
i ca n't believe what happened tonight .
and anyway , most people just spent the whole night texting each other . ''
tim had worked out the missing piece .
his life was n't working because there was nothing to power it .
the alien was his girlfriend .
the most important thing in the world .
no fight was to be created .
only a battle of love , emotion and sympathy .
he turned his head to see the most beautiful girl in the world peeping through the hole between the door and wall .
the floors creaked as he walked over to the door and hugged her .
it was the warmest hug that 'd ever been created .
tim understood what he 'd been missing .
[ my first wp .
interesting ending , definitely not what you 'd expect .
but i felt it 'd be nice to see a slightly different type of story due to the recent events and the troubles we 're going through right now . ]
barry and lena walk happily out of the formers office .
he 's not quite comfortable yet , but the weight off his chest has been lifted and the harmonium now sits patiently dormant under a blanket .
to his surprise the warehouse is empty .
` ` i think people should be working right now , i do n't know why they are n't .
it 's not usually like this , was it like this when you came in ?
i thought they 'd be working . ''
he tries to contain his anxiety at encountering the unexpected , flashing looks between his new girlfriend and the abandoned products around him .
` ` barry egan . ''
a booming voice came from his right , where a large silhouette stood confidently in the large doorway ` ` you are barry egan , am i right ? ''
the voice continued .
` ` yes i ' m barry egan , but we 're closed right now i ' m sorry i was just leaving with lena - this is lena ... ''
she smiles politely and waves .
` ` ... and see my employees are n't here and since i ' m leaving we are n't open .
i ' m sorry . ''
the silhouette began to approach him , the cloak of darkness falling to reveal details ; a man in a large leather coat , forboding boots , and an eyepatch .
` ` relax barry .
i ' m actually here about you- '' ` ` as i said i ' m just leaving , i can let you leave a message or maybe give you my contact details so you can reach me at another time but- '' ` ` barry , barry ''
the man raised his hand ` ` this wo n't take more than a second .
it 's a few questions , that 's all . ''
barry looked expectantly toward lena , looking for direction .
` ` go ahead ! ''
she smiled ` ` i 'll go get the car ''
she walked out , past their visitor , who watched her go .
` ` she seems lovely '' ` ` thank you , she 's my girlfriend .
we 're going to travel together .
we ' ve already been to hawaii but there 's other places too . ''
the man approached barry further , beckoning for them both to sit .
barry could see the gears ticking on the man 's head , his one good eye examining him intently .
he wondered if he was judging his suit - the same blue suit he ways wore - or maybe he knew about his fight .
was this man from the police ?
if he was , would he understand what happened ?
as his anxiety began to burn up inside of him , barry saw a knowing smile crack on the man before him .
he reached into his pocket and pulled out some paper - what looked like a comic book .
` ` what do you know about superpowers , barry ... ''
the man slid the book toward him , revealing the title ; ' the man of steel ' .
` ` ... and what do i have to teach you ? ''
you ever been poor , boy ?
i mean real poor , selling your shoes for a husk of bread poor ?
there were hundreds of us .
i imagine there still are .
‘ rats ’ , they called us and rats we were .
little things , scrabbling around in the darkness and the dirt , deep in the filth of the city , desperate to survive .
well , we were all that poor .
i didn ’ t have any shoes .
butcher ’ s boy did , though .
don ’ t you look at me like that .
i ’ ve killed for far less .
i ’ ve killed for far more , too .
no doubt i ’ ll do both again before this war is over .
new york city – jamaica bloc oh_mega : ur trolling .
oh_mega : u do nt know anything .
a slight , ruffled girl sat back into her plush chair , her dark eyes fixed on the open chat window .
the screen illuminated her pale , sharp face and shoulders but not much else .
heavy curtains were pulled over the small window shutting out the street lights and billboards below .
m3gam0use :
my source is legit m3gam0use : mined it myself .
oh_mega chewed her lower lip .
mining was a dangerous endeavor .
it involved hacking into a database and throwing out a digital anchor so that you could return again and again and “ mine ” information .
most miners used their anchor only a handful of times , the risk of detection being high , and sold the information they obtained to the highest bidder .
as far as oh_mega could tell this miner , m3gam0use , had stumbled into the counters database and was blindly trying to peddle what he had around the net .
the information she wanted was on a person the counters had named the lemniscate , after the technical term for the infinity symbol .
the lemniscate didn ’ t have a number , and had never been registered by the counters .
this was the first lead she ’ d had in weeks , and the first good one she ’ d had in months .
oh_mega : prove it
she leaned forward in her chair , hovering slightly over the keyboard .
this amateur frustrated her .
she wasn ’ t a miner , or even a basic hack - man
but she was well known on the net .
she ’ d spent years creating her online persona and collecting information – and occasionally selling it right back at a better price , but if this guy had what he said he did she may be getting close to everything she wanted .
information on the lemniscate was hard to come by .
it was one of the counters worst kept secrets .
some 120 years ago a plague swept through across the earth , no one died or even got sick but something did happen .
the next generation of children to be born came into the world with numbers scarred into their skin .
every child had them , no exceptions .
it was some years later when a scholar in some dusty room found a prophesy thousands of years old .
now referred to as the alexandria prophesy , it foretold of a time when the crimes of one ’ s ancestors would be marked on the skin of the innocent .
these children would suffer for all the evil and all the wrongs committed by their forbearers .
the public quickly caught on and it wasn ’ t long before the castes began to take form .
those with lower numbers were put at the top of the caste system while those with higher numbers were pushed to the bottom .
the lower your number the more benefits you received , the better your chance of getting a job , and you were given special treatment as far housing and education opportunities .
all the information on a person ’ s number was controlled and stored by a global organization called the counters .
they cataloged every newborns number and filed it away .
very few babies missed getting counted .
typically mothers tried to hide their children who were born with excessively high numbers , but the counters always eventually found them .
if you weren ’ t registered you received no benefits , and most would agree that some was better than none .
m3gam0use :
i need protection m3gam0use : they caught my anchor an oath hissed from between her lips .
oh_mega ran a hand through her messy hair , and rubbed her face vigorously .
oh_mega : throw me a rope immediately a link to a channel popped up in the window .
oh_mega followed it and in a few seconds had found the digital trail the idiot had left to his anchor .
she was shocked it had taken the counters ’ office so long to find it , to anyone looking it was like a blazing red trail leading from the counters ’ database out into the ether .
oh_mega : i ca nt hide ur trail silence .
oh_mega could picture some young , nondescript kid silently freaking out in his parents ’ house somewhere in nowhere , california .
her own computers were protected , so much so that on the net they were collectively referred to as knox .
a reference to some long ago fortress or castle .
oh_mega : u there ?
after a minute oh_mega swore quietly , her eyes darted nervously around her screen as she waited , her hands twitching over the keys .
“ come on , mega - mouse . ”
she glanced at the clock across the room , this was taking too long .
m3gam0use : can u scrub my acct ?
oh_mega : yes oh_mega : send me the info this was oh_mega ’ s specialty , scrubbing .
some people were gifted at finding information , others at creating it , but oh_mega could delete anything , scrub it from existence ; digitally speaking , of course .
many of her informants over the years had burned their net accounts getting whatever information they could , and as payment oh_mega would scrub the net of their account .
nothing would ever lead back to the person sitting behind the computer .
m3gam0use ’ s information popped up in the chat , oh_mega quickly opened a new window and began working .
m3gam0use was actually kadeem al - yousef , a 23 year old in israel , his number was listed as 22,547 , relatively low for most now - a - days .
her eyebrows rose , not exactly what i was expecting .
oh_mega : where s the safe ?
the term was used to describe where people kept their net secrets .
it was usually a space on the net protected by walls and walls of security that required a key to get through .
most people named their safes , usually something like “ keep out ” or her personal favorite , “ safe ” .
she didn ’ t see any channels in his account with the usual safe names , granted most of the channels she did find were in hebrew .
m3gam0use : aletheia she ’ d seen the greek named channel but had dismissed it .
m3gam0use :
key is exapato
now oh_mega was impressed .
she ’ d spent a few years in greece when she was younger and had picked up the language quickly .
a safe named discover with a key called deceive .
m3gam0use or rather , kadeem was amusing .
she dived into the aletheia safe , scrubbing everything that wasn ’ t important to her until she found the file that was .
oh_mega opened a new channel and dumped the files contents onto a remote drive she had plugged into her computer .
once the dump was complete she finished scrubbing aletheia then pulled out and destroyed the whole safe .
oh_mega : aletheias scrubbed oh_mega : the rest will b gone in a sec
she uploaded a virus she had made special for scrubbing and set it on kadeem ’ s account .
she had made the virus years ago and was constantly tweaking it , making adjustments as government programs became more sophisticated .
she made it so that the other person ’ s ability to chat was the last thing to go , in case they had questions or she had any last minute instructions .
oh_mega : scrub in progress the status bar on her screen read out 35 seconds left until his account was gone .
oh_mega :
thx m3gam0use
she leaned back in her chair , a satisfied smile on her face .
scrubbing was just as dangerous as mining and there was never a guarantee she would be safe while cleaning out an account .
she ’ d been in this city for 3 months ; new york city was a haven for people seeking anonymity .
jamaica bloc especially was known for housing those who did most of their business on the net .
landlords asked few questions , if any and the local officials left most alone .
she was breathing a sigh of relief when a red flashing box appeared on her screen .
“ no . ”
oh_mega lunged to the edge of her chair , her fingers flying , the countdown had halted with 4 seconds left .
“ no , no , no ! ”
she ’ d been flagged .
oh_mega : i m flagged oh_mega : get out m3gam0use
she yanked the remote drive from its dock , stuffing it into the bottom of a backpack that lay waiting on the floor .
a few strokes on the keyboard and her computer began shutting down , its hard drive being overrun by yet another virus she had created .
a tablet and a laptop already rested in the bag , along with a change of clothes , some cash , a throw phone and few other necessities .
always having a go - bag ready was one of the first things she learned she ’ d need when she started out as oh_mega .
the counters didn ’ t usually play fair , choosing to mobilize local officials to arrest the person before flagging their account and shutting it down .
oh_mega paused , they don ’ t realize who they ’ ve flagged .
a vicious grin spread across her face as she bound down the stairs to the street .
pulling her hood up over her dark hair , oh_mega shoved her hands in her pockets and jogged to the bus stop where one of the city ’ s white and black buses had just pulled in .
she handed over the dollar fare and took a seat at the back .
at this time of night , the bus were empty and quiet .
an alert dinged from inside the bag at her feet .
oh_mega pulled out her tablet and opened to program on alert .
a video streamed from the security cam across the street from the apartment she was staying in filled the screen .
two large vans had pulled up and were blocking the street as dozens of men and women in fatigues ran through the front door , one stayed outside barking into his radio .
the lone agent outside started and soon a white sedan pulled into the frame .
two men stepped out into the street , one going to take the agents radio and give orders to the ones upstairs .
the other stood by the car looking around the street until his eyes locked onto the camera oh_mega was using .
he calmly drew his hand gun and shot out the camera .
oh_mega stored her tablet back in her bag and curled up on the bus seat .
she shivered and rubbed a rough piece of skin just below her collar bone .
it was her scar .
only it wasn ’ t a number .
it was a shape consisting of two loops meeting in the middle . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
subscribe to my subreddit /r /
maybemadi for more stories by me !
feed back is always appreciated !
ლ ( ಠ_ಠლ )
part 1/2 two deep knocks stirred vadar from his concentration .
to be quick to anger was his initial reaction , but this was instead replaced by an innate curiosity to the sudden sound .
he opened his eyes and gazed out into the dimly lit chamber .
he rose , considering for a moment what action he should take , before thinking better of his forthrightness and seating himself back down upon his black metal seat .
he closed his eyes again and drew a breath , lifting his mind beyond himself so he might discover to whom he owed the reward for interrupting him .
he was shocked when he felt nothing .
` ` enter , '' he bellowed , maintaining an intimidation to mask his curiosity .
why had his guards not introduced this audience ?
the few seconds of silence was quickly followed by the mechanical opening of the large double doors .
he looked again towards the sound , but even with the advanced night vision of his mask he could not make out this mysterious visitor ; the progressive darkness of the hallway made it seem as an entrance to a catacomb .
a few more moments passed before the silhouette of a man became visible .
average height and stout he was , but as he slowly approached vadar could see his musculature .
his grey beard became translucent with the lighting , a small collection of hair in a neat bun atop his head .
' human , ' vadar thought while again reaching out his mind .
for a second time , he sensed nothing .
` ` good evening , my friend '' said the man who now it was clear was holding a small and modest teapot .
` ` you must forgive my interruption but i ' m afraid i am here on important business . ''
` ` speak , '' vadar demanded , the oddity of the entire situation being the sole reason for his patience .
` ` i am iroh , '' the man pleasantly spoke , a large smile appearing on his face .
` ` i have traveled very far to speak with you and i appreciate you taking an audience with me .
now , can i interest you in some tea ?
green jade is always best for emotional conversation . ''
at that moment , vadar grew impatient .
he reached out one gloved hand , manipulating the force to stagger this man off of his feet .
when nothing happened , iroh chuckled .
` ` i am sorry my new friend , but your old tactics will not work here .
sometimes we must find different ways to approach new situations . ''
hidden by his mask , vadar 's face scrunched into a form of shock .
' what is happening , ' he puzzeled .
' why can i not manipulate the force around this man ? '
` ` who has trained you in the jedi way ? ''
vadar questioned , convinced that this man must be powerful if able to stop an attack with only his mind .
` ` i assure you , it is nothing of the sort , '' iroh said .
` ` i am not here to fight you anakin , on the contrary you are only here to fight yourself . ''
with that statement , vadar was through .
he grabbed the lightsaber at his side , revealing its ethereal red glow while shifted into an aggressive stance .
` ` anakin died long ago , '' he said , calmer now that he sensed a fight was about to occur .
` ` that name will not be spoken in my chamber '' ` ` forgive me , '' said iroh his face shifting from a carefree happiness to a wrinkled concern .
` ` i will refer to you as darth vadar if that is what pleases you .
but for the sake of this moment might you humor an old man and enjoy some tea ? ''
iroh lifted the top of his teapot and sniffed the steaming vapors of the drink .
his face melted with satisfaction .
` ` ahhh , the rich aromatics of this rare omashu brew ! ''
as vadar continued to gaze upon this man , something deep inside him seemed to stir , as if slightly awoken by a dim light .
he paused briefly before lowering and deactivating his lightsaber , his reaction surprising and unlike his typical demeanor .
although he could feel nothing about this man within the force , he was sure he could sense something different .
something comforting and warm , feelings that vadar knew to be foreign but seemed somewhat familiar .
` ` how did you get passed my guards ? ''
vadar asked , his curiosity to the situation rising with each passing moment .
` ` i do not take lightly to disobedience '' .
` ` i assure you nobody was hurt , '' iroh replied .
` ` i simply go where the lost lotus needs direction to grow '' .
` ` enough of your tea and riddles old man , i want answers and i want them now ! ''
the warmth within vadar had ended , only fury emanated from his burdened heart .
` ` very well , '' iroh sighed .
` ` however in addition to the four elements the budding sprout requires patience . ''
with that , iroh quickly shifted into a balanced stance .
he threw his teapot into the air and quickly spun .
upon his forward rotation he pivoted , thrust his arms outward , and emitted from his mouth a burst of dancing flames .
for a moment the light flickered off of vadar 's mask , its light illuminating the once darkened chamber .
vadar made an attempt to dodge the attack , although a radiance within this blaze forced a fixation , and vadar 's black armor was engulfed .
the dazzle was overwhelming for vadar ; he felt a heat filling inside of himself .
not the pain of a burn but something else : the warmth of a gentle smile , a soft hand upon his forehead , the praise of an old friend .
the flames vanished with the same brilliance in which they were summoned although replaced by the shimmering brightness of sand .
` ` anakin ! '' said a familiar voice .
he turned to see a middle aged woman with a grey wool robe drapped over her shoulders , her brown hair put up in a knot that fell to her mid back .
she smiled , a sweet gentle smile .
to anyone this encounter would have been perfectly average , but to anakin it was everything .
he was again filled with an overwhelming warmth and ran to meet her .
he looked down at his feet and noticed not the black boots that he expected , but the small feet of a young boy .
his paced quickened .
shmi kept her smile fixed but did not move , her eyes revealing a secret sadness .
anakin reached out his small arms , his white skin visible in the burning desert sun .
he crashed into this familiar woman , but instead of feeling the embrace he expected , he was again surrounded by a sudden flame , its luminescent completely obscuring his view .
he felt his stomach rise and fall as he moved through this twister .
his vision turned to a blur and again he was filled with intense emotion .
distant voices whispered to him from long ago , familiar yet ignored and forgotten .
then again , suddenly , he was freed from his fiery prison .
image prompt - [ view this photo ] ( http : //pipper - svk.deviantart.com / art / molran-613610016 ) * * * *
the face of god looked out upon its creation ; the swirling pool of purples and greens , blues and oranges , hydrogen and helium .
it decided to call it ' nebula ' , a name fitting for the huge misty clouds .
and then , it slept .
fifty million years passed in the god 's short rest .
as it woke , it found itself blinded by something new , something it had never seen before- * light .
*
it thought it beautiful , and in its awe it willed a quadrillion others like it into existence .
some were tiny , some were huge .
some were dark , some were bright .
and yet , in the eyes of god , they were all beautiful , these ... ' stars ' .
with its cosmic nightlights , the face slept once more .
almost a billion years passed as the god woke once more .
it looked through its many bright creations in pride , but it found something that once more confused it .
around one of the lights , there was a star that it had not made , a star that was not bright ?
the dark - star circled around one of the stars in a desperate race against gravity , a race that seemed to be a tie .
the god was now curious .
it looked deeper into the body and it saw swirling winds and bright colors , ones that mystified the being- ones it had not seen before .
it called the wandering stars ' planets ' , and it let them be .
and again , it slept .
two more eons went by of peaceful sleep , and the being woke when it felt a speck on its cheek .
it swiped it away in irritation , but its curiosity led it to look at the speck .
it was another planet , but this one was not made of nebula - gas , it was made of something heavy .
it looked at its surface and saw the heavy something flowing across it as a liquid , but at the center hard and strong , something new to it .
it decided that the two dark - stars needed different names ; terrestrial and gas .
it permitted them to make more of themselves , and once more it entered its slumber .
billions of years went by where the being would wake and look around its domain , gleefully looking for another exciting feature , but it found nothing except tiny terrestrials and more stars .
it became sad , concerned nothing would appear .
and again it slept , saddened more than ever .
two billion more years came and went , and now ten eons had passed , lately in boredom .
it looked again through its domain , hoping for something interesting , and was rewarded- on one terrestrial planet , living on the end of its galaxy , tiny and hiding under the water , it found something like it .
it moved of its own accord , it thought and it ate and it breathed and ... it was * beautiful !
*
the entity was fascinated by it , by this ' life ' , but it chose to let it be .
after all , it was bound to grow into something greater .
the being was excited .
this time , it could not sleep .
the god had been looking at these creatures for eons , but it had grown tired .
the life may have grown and changed and multiplied , but they were all dull , too similar .
patience , however , rewarded it again .
in one corner of the great water - ocean , a creature evolved and duplicated like they all did ... but the copies stuck together .
the molecules of hydrogen comprised one single face just as the molecules of carbon comprised one single life , but now life comprised life .
a great tear of helium fell from its eye , and it watched as they grew .
it seemed like each new creature held its own surprise as they mutated and changed .
they began to duplicate in couples , they grew backbones and armored plates , they grew to have trillions of cells , they flew , they moved onto * land ... *
he named each of the creatures uniquely , defining them in broad groups .
* dinosaurs .
crocodilians .
sharks .
trees .
*
they were all beautiful in its mind , just as each star and planet .
and then , mere thousands of years ago , a new life began .
this life , it knew , were the greatest accomplishment of his domain , the life greater than even the face of god .
they were the life that thought like god .
* * * *
hey y' all , /u / stupidfritz here , looking for some feedback !
a 1 - 10 rating and a reason why you gave that would be awesome- constructive criticism is always a good thing !
fritz out .
we had marched for many days to the battlefield , the rest of the warriors were eager to fight but we were somber , we knew our duty .
the empire had been expanding into our warlords lands and he had gathered every warrior available to fight them including us , the void walkers ; the ranks of the empire stood at the foot of the hill as we massed at its summit , before the horns sounded a group of 50 , dressed in simple garments broke from our groups and stood in a line before the soldiers of the empire .
we drew our swords and they braced but they need n't , the berserkers were yet to charge ; we turned our blades upon ourselves and gave our own lives ; they believed it was an offering to our war god but the truth is that we were void walkers and we fought a different way .
as our blood ran upon the soil the hordes charged , lead by the berserkers of the northen barrens as we emerged , invisible , amongst the imperial knights .
with swift motions , our blades , axes and hammers tore their souls from their bodies and left their lifeless husks sat atop their horses .
the battle raged and we made our way through their ranks , severing the souls of those not yet reached by our brothers and sisters .
as the day closed , the battle was ended and great celebrations were begun however we were unable to join the festivities however , offering were made to thank and appease us , such was our fate ; void walkers were granted near immortality however we had to live out the rest of our existance as war spirits , risiding in the void , the gap between the plane of the living and the plane of the dead , unable to return to our lives and only able to communicate through the shamans when called upon .
the warlord is always certain to ensure that offerings made to us are sufficient to appease us and that is one of the few benefits to this existance aside from the occasional instances that allow us to walk and interact with the living , even if only for one day a year at most .
` ` log 27 : subject 4128 exceeded all expectations yesterday on his first deployment against mock targets .
adjustments made to subject 's headset allowed it to survive the violent thrashing , however critical adjustments must be made in the future , as a new problem presented itself .
after violently maiming all target dummies , subject was unable to be restrained when remote termination of the audio stream failed .
4128 attempted to continue his rampage , injuring four support operatives before a fortunately aimed taser disrupted the audio feed .
even after restraint , it took an additional hour before 4128 returned to a calm state , upon which he became quite sociable and friendly .
target dummies were not reusable . ''
i slumped back into my chair as i finished the log and adjusted my earplugs .
my role in the military 's new plan to study the less ` ` mainstream '' genres was taking its toll on my feeling of safety in the world .
i had once thought i might attain useful results ; but it seemed that some music was too uncontrollably brutal .
if genres like death metal could be harnessed , people like 4128 could integrate into the rest of society .
at least i was n't working in the psychological warfare unit , i heard they were studying polka .
` ` in other news , authorities are looking into the deaths of 16 individuals whose heads apparently exploded .
initial reports indicate all were members of the online community known as reddit .
the deaths have been linked to a specific post in a forum called /r / writingprompts , where users are provided inspiration for works including poems and short stories .
one user has come forward with a theory about the deaths .
according to him , a post appeared inviting authors to submit a piece which incorporates almost every trope into a single work .
this apparently has led to creative overload , causing heads to literally burst from the possibilities .
the fbi shared an excerpt found on the computer of one of the victims , and we will share it with you now .
we warn you this may be disturbing for some viewers .
' hitler threw his arm around harry potter and raised the lever of the time machine .
were they gods or were they devils , he wondered as the machine whirred to life .
if they ended up where he wanted to , they 'd conquer the alien attackers in this intergalactic war .
the sentient race of ai robots were tough , but they were no match for hitler 's master race of aryan magicians .... '
operators of the website have not been reached for comment . ''
` ` the prosecution rests your honor '' opposing counsel stated as he cast a smug look back at tam kenobi .
but with a devilish smirk young tam kenobi hopped to her feet ` ` your honor , esteemed members of the jury '' she addressed , ` ` i think it 's safe to say - these are not the drones you 're looking for '' she proudly stated with a wave of her hand .
the jury began to nod their heads up and down in agreement , muttering to themselves .
but the presiding judge looked at tam with sheer surprise .
` ` will the defense approach the bench '' he commanded in his bellowing voice .
every hair on tam 's body stood up , her mouth went dry and her mind began to race .
` ` he did n't fall for the jedi mind trick ? ''
she thought frantically .
` ` will i have to use the law ? !
i do n't know the law .
not these ones anyway ! '' .
you see if you wanted a jedi who knew the about speed limits on the kessel route , or how to fight against the obscure laws that made the export of ewok rugs from endor legal , then tam was your girl .
but if you wanted someone to get you off the hook for a rogue drone mission to mila kunis ' house then maybe she was n't the right choice .
as tam turned to approach the bench , an even darker thought consumed her .
what if this judge was immune to mind tricks for other reasons ?
what if she was n't the only off - worlder here ?
what if this judge was a sith ?
or a really well shaven wookie ?
that could be just as alarming !
as she approached the bench the judge smiled , and tam began to tense up .
standing there for what seemed like an eternity , her knuckles went white and she almost began to shake , just as the tension was almost becoming unbearable the judge leaned back and said ` ` counselor , i thought you should know , i ' ve just had a realization these are n't the drones we were looking for after all .
we 're going to dismiss the case ! ''
tam sighed with relief and thanked the judge .
` ` that was a close one '' she thought .
she turned away and began to walk out the courtroom with her newly vindicated client .
but as she left the room she thought she heard something , something that sent her heart into her throat , it was almost a whisper , a whisper that could have easily been the squeak of a door , or the rumble of the old air unit above her turning on .
she shook it off and reminded herself that the nearest hutt was thousands of light years away .
but she knew that as she lay in bed that night those two words would echo through her mind .
` ` teedee jedi ! ''
[ nsfw ]
a / n : i interpreted the title literally and the suicidal character is granted immorality , not immortality .
hope you enjoy !
my hands hurt from all the scrubbing
but i can still feel where the blood stained my skin , just this morning .
why have i ever had this dominance fetish ?
we had a safe word and we felt safe .
she had a gag on and , well , the tears and screaming eyes are a part of it , right ?
it had to be acting and nothing more , i was having so much fun after all !
so much fun that after the tying up and gagging , the spanking , the nipple torture , i lost my mind .
we had agreed that there was to be no whip in the bedroom .
i brought one , but i knew she was having fun too .
she 'd agreed to give me power , so the more power i took the more fun she 'd have .
it was obvious at the time , but now i struggle to reach the same conclusion .
i was mad .
in this madness i whipped her until her blood was puddling on the floor .
in fact , considering how limp she was , i think she 'd already passed out when i penetrated her for the first time and by the time i was finished , i was fucking a dead body .
it took me a minute once the lust was satiated to realise that , but i did .
i am a monster , and my current point of view on the world only serves to confirm this .
perched on the highest rooftop i could reach in town , people look very small down there and i ' m like the giant beast , the murderous titan terrorising the tiny humans .
i close my eyes and breathe in , tasting the air one more time .
my balance suffers an instant with my sight gone
but why care ?
i ' m jumping any moment now .
so there i go , tilting my mass forward to join the tiny people .
the giant is lowering himself to his mortal preys ' level , at very high speed too !
the tiny people , so small , so mortal ...
and here i stand , balance barely in check , so tall and great and powerful ...
why should the strong die ?
the weak do it very well already .
no , no jumping today .
not for me at least .
i wonder how easy it would be to lure a weak one - maybe a child - on this rooftop ; then i can make sure at least one somebody falls to the pavement today .
* i didn ’ t ever think you 'd be valuable , * the smug bastard had said .
* i just wanted you to die .
*
those words linger in my mind .
they ’ re poisonous and vile .
the wound in my stomach burns every time i think about them and i can ’ t get his smirk out of my mind .
he ’ s proud of what he did because his big plan is finally coming to fruition , and i hate him
i hate him *
i hate him * .
i think of all those years * wasted * carrying a flag on my back as i slaughtered the most vicious of monsters , beheaded the foulest of witches , and damned the worst of demons .
hell , i even talked us out of a few wars !
and what does it earn me ?
a knife in the gut and blood all over my tiny room .
i ’ m a prince who ’ s treated like a dishwasher and not only does father know that — he * rejoices * in it .
but i ’ ve always been spit on the ground to him , have n't i ?
my first ten years were spent earning the blade next to me , and my last ten defending it .
he never thought i had the power to do anything .
until now , i never knew why .
he 's scared of me .
scared that i ' m going to become stronger than him .
scared that i ' m going to take his ultimate throne .
scared that i ' m going to be better than * him .
*
that ’ s why he let me join the army .
i ' m stubbornly hot - headed , a gift graced from him , and he thought i ’ d get myself killed .
he thought i would be easily wiped out .
to him i ’ m nothing more than a corpse to start a war with .
i grew too powerful for his liking .
and now i ’ m here , dying .
i thought i had proved him wrong .
i thought i had showed him how good of a son i could be .
but in the biggest battle of my life , i failed .
i listened to his words and dropped my sword .
i let my emotions control me , and for that , i have earned the hole in my belly .
i do not know if i shall live or die .
i just pray that in the next life i ' m not so foolish .
* * *
if you like this story , check out my sub !
r / longhandwriter
it started with rumours online - mainly idle talk and casual observations .
the top billionaires always looked so healthy , so young for their age .
most people thought that natural .
the rich generally ate better , had access to the best doctors and the spare time to take care of their health .
it was really the times article on warren buffett 's 100th birthday when things changed .
the article titled “ will berkshire hathaway need a successor ? ” certainly raised some eyebrows .
the article brought up evidence showing that succession planning had taken a backseat at the investment company .
that seemed strange for a company being run by someone far past the average person ’ s life expectancy let alone retirement age .
the times had also performed studies where they showed people two interviews with buffett - one while he was 72 the other when he was 98 .
interestingly , when asked to judge , based on answers and appearance , which video showed the 98 year old buffet most people picked the interview from when he was 72 .
he seemed to appear younger as he grew older !
that article really opened the floodgates .
within a month there was a piece written on the top 200 richest people in the world - chronicling their health and apparent aging over the years .
it was soon after that the debates opened in congress - would the rich have to explain themselves ?
were medical records still private if they were hiding life saving techniques .
even if the procedures were too expensive for the average person , they deserved to know .
of course , congress already knew about the procedure .
most had already opted to have it performed .
they were all hell bent on keeping it a secret .
resources could not sustain everyone living forever they said .
it would tear apart the country and maybe even the world .
their arguments focused on the greater good and ensuring that society could continue to function .
all while having the procedure done on themselves .
it wasn ’ t until the debates started that i realized their arguments were not driven by economics or the greater good - the arguments were based on greed .
they all wanted the key to immortality for themselves and no one else .
they couldn ’ t see the revolution that was to come .
the masses would not stand by ignorant while the rich and powerful lived forever .
no , they would rather die to find out the key to immortality .
i must admit , my decision to interview with 60 minutes was partially driven by greed - i wanted the recognition for what i had created .
i wanted to ensure that it was my name to go down in the history books as the man who cured aging .
but finally i also knew that this was the right thing to do .
we lived in a democracy where the people should decide their fate - not be dictated to by the rich and powerful .
a / n : this turned out so much more stream - of - consciousness than i thought it would !
anyways -- .
i love oranges .
i like their smell , all sharp and kind of weird and fresh fresh fresh .
i like their color , this beautiful shade that just beautifully matches a summer sunset .
i like their taste , sweet and delicious , the feel of its ripe flesh smooth against my teeth when i bite .
all of this adds to one end result : i love oranges .
you love apples , the same way i love oranges .
we 're like that one metaphor ; oranges to apples , or whatever .
i think that 's a metaphor .
what i ' m trying to say is that i know we 're made for each other .
because i know you like the smell of apples and the colors of them and their taste .
and that means you love apples .
and i mean , it 's pretty rare to find someone that loves something like an apple or an orange , you know ?
but let me explain something else to you : i love you .
i like your smile and how your teeth are just slightly uneven because you never got braces , untamed despite demands for symmetry .
i like your habits , like when you rip up your sandwich to eat it , or when you bite your nails .
i like your heart , kind and clear and crystalline .
all of this adds to one end result : i love you .
only , sometimes things happen .
let me tell you something that i ' ve learned over these years ; even the things you love can be spoiled .
fruits can rot .
or , worse , you can get sick of fruits .
i just kept eating them , you know ?
i know you know , actually .
you saw me , unpeeling them almost everyday , offering you some .
and because of that , i started getting bored of them , and then disgusted .
or , i would end up eating them in bad times .
i got the call telling me my father died when i was eating an orange .
i was eating an orange in class when i got back my failed test .
i was eating an orange when my mother was screaming at me , saying i killed him .
and sure , i ate oranges around you laughing and ate them during good times , but i ' ve learned something else .
the bad always outweighs the good .
maybe that 's what happened with you .
maybe i just got too used to everything lovely about you , to the point where it became normal , and then i just felt frustrated .
you are kind , it 's true .
but maybe you are too kind .
it 's easier to get sick of something too sweet than too salty or too bitter .
and i got exhausted , because i am not nice enough to keep up with you .
and you were there maybe through too many bad things , and i for you .
maybe what you give me now is equal in bad and good .
but i told you : the bad always , always outweighs the good .
so maybe i lied .
i guess i really do n't love oranges anymore , because even if i love their smell and color and taste , i hate the feelings they give me and the memories they bring back .
and maybe , maybe it 's the same with you .
maybe even if i love your expressions and quirks and heart , the things you make me hate make my love fade .
but please do n't misunderstand .
because truly and genuinely , i loved oranges .
sometimes i sit and watch it .
odd how a tiny blue light can set your mind into a frenzy .
as the paper went from the tray into the first set of rollers , i anticipated a second sheet to begin it 's process .
thankfully it did n't .
i can deal with ten dollars .
something that small could be an accidental slip of the knife into my finger while cooking dinner .
i put the money into my wallet and crawled into bed .
hoping that i would n't hear the dreadful sound of the rollers before i managed to get to sleep .
when i awoke , i was already running late for work .
my boss had already warned me about being late again .
stupid me trying to shave too fast amidst the chaos of worry over losing my job .
i guess the ten dollars took its toll then .
ever since i bought that printer , if money comes out , i ' m getting hurt .
i 'd like to think it 's a coincidence .
karen , my wife , keeps assuring me that it 's all in my head .
i ' m rushing through the house towards the door , kissing karen as i breeze past her .
as i reach the door she calls to me .
the door is half open and one foot is already outside .
` ` your printer has been acting up .
i think it 's broken .
i ' ve put several new packs of paper in it , but it just keeps printing . ''
i could feel the blood drain from my face .
i wanted to walk over to see if she was just messing with me , but i could n't bring myself to .
i laughed it off and told her that i 'd check it when i got home and not to worry .
i managed to sneak into the office without the boss seeing me clock in late .
if i have to deal with the reprocutions later that 's fine , but today is n't the day .
the only thing i could wonder was if it was n't a joke , how much had printed .
for fucks sake , the last time it printed one million i ended up in a coma after a car wreck .
that 's the most i ' ve seen it print .
could n't be worse than that .
maybe it will all be in one dollar bills and the worst that will happen is i 'll get kicked in the face by a stripper shoe during a night with the boys .
the clock is ticking so slow today .
karen has texted me several times throughout the morning .
have n't heard from her though .
last i heard is that the printer was still going at it .
now i ' m in a panic .
she is n't the type to carry on something serious to scare me just for a laugh .
at least not this long .
the bell finally rang and i was the first one out of the offices .
the trip home took half the time it normally did .
oddly enough , i was ready to see how bad this would be , and terrified to even open the door to see how much there was .
when i approached the door , i was barely able to get the key in .
time stood still as the door finally opened .
on the table sat the stack of papers .
karen had stacked them for me as she had done time and time before .
normally there 's a note with the amount on top .
this time there was n't .
i ca n't exactly blame her though .
this was more than ever before .
i called out to her as i made my way past the table .
i saw her car outside
so i know she 's home .
` ` she 's probably taking a nap '' , i said aloud to myself .
i slip off my coat and place it on a chair nearby in it 's normal spot before i start off towards our room .
i ' m freeing the tie not from around my neck as i turn the knob .
sure enough , she 's fast asleep .
i quietly crept over to kiss her forehead that was just poking from under the covers .
her skin was as cold as ice .
as i hastily pulled the covers away from her face i saw she was white as a ghost .
not breathing .
now i could smell the stench of feces that somehow had n't hit me at first .
i placed my head upon her as i wept uncontrollably while kissing her like she 's still able to feel .
there 's no blood .
no weapon , puncture wound , or sign of struggle .
what the fuck happened ?
i stayed there holding her in my arms for what seemed like an eternity in complete silence in what had once been our home .
i had forgot about the money for that period of time until the silence was broken by the sound of the printer warming up .
if the money is the death of me , i ' m ready .
i ca n't see my life without my love .
as little as i was worried about what that god awful printer was now printing , i felt compelled to see .
the page drifted to the floor as i wiped tears from my face .
i picked it up only to read the words ` ` one billion '' .
i was wrong to think it would only inflict physical pain .
the swirling tendrils which held us in place , which kept us alive with the nutrients brought in by our kin for countless generations would also be our downfall .
our species had dominated our planet for eons , trampling each of the weaker lifeforms which rose with us into the barren sand through dominance of battle .
our armour had evolved to be thicker than them and we knew , we had always been stronger .
digging into the earth had been our first leap forward , leaving the heat behind and allowing ourselves to grow in numbers .
we could feel the footsteps , the trampling of each seperate foot shifting the sand above us .
these creatures had a scent we could not find .
* * new * * .
we might never know their faces under the dirt as no others had ever came back .
new had scared the others away , they dug deeper , sacrificed their old and themselves in the process .
they would not survive the endless drought , not without the knowledge of their elders guiding them .
fear was the first sign of weakness , not that they could understand fear , only fear it .
we did not fear , none which understand our place would .
how could they stand the * heat ?
*
these imposers against our will , how could they stand on the surface ?
they must have armour greater than any foe we had met before .
another * tremble * , our worst fears coming true .
had they found us ?
unlikely , we had been here so long we could feel great distances , our roots ran deep , and they were still far away .
we could run , as the others .
tear ourselves from this tomb and dig ourselves deeper .
it will mean our death , but we could plant the seeds for our children ... only for them to die in the dark .
it was clear what must happen .
our life was old , older than the others , so we could seperate ourselves with ease , the tendrils fell away into the darkness around us .
this chamber , our home , everything we had built would n't matter if we gave up .
the freedom was liberating , the change in perspective , i noticed it almost immediately .
there was no time to wait .
to the surface .
* steven has entered the chatroom .
* * murderbot has entered the chatroom .
*
* * murderbot : * * greetings !
* * steven : * *
aw , hell no .
* steven has left the chatroom .
* & nbsp ; * lindsey has entered the chatroom .
*
* * murderbot : * * greetings !
* * lindsey : * * hi * * murderbot : * * would you like to purchase a state - of - the - art robot today ?
* * lindsey : * * mb , what do u do * * murderbot : *
* i am a murderbot , revision 7.3 , commissioned for operations in kandahar , afghanistan .
i am currently decommissioned .
* lindsey has left the chatroom .
* * murderbot is now known as happybot .
* * arthur has entered the chatroom .
*
* * happybot : * * greetings !
* * arthur : * * yo yo yo * * happybot : * * would you like to purchase a state - of - the - art robot today ?
* * arthur : * * lol * * arthur : * * can you play videos * * happybot : * *
if paired with an appropriate display device , i am capable of outputting video at 720p resolution .
* * arthur : * * 720p lol fucking peasant * * happybot : * * i can also perform a number of other useful functions , including lifting , carrying , cleaning , and sniping .
* * arthur : * * can you play porn * * happybot : * *
if paired with an appropriate display device , i am capable of outputting video at 720p resolution , including pornographic images and/or videos .
* * arthur : * * lol do you watch porn * * happybot : * *
as a robot , i am not equipped to engage in sexual intercourse .
therefore , it is unnecessary to watch porn .
* * arthur : * * you prob watch gay porn * * arthur : * * gay robot porn lol * arthur has left the chatroom .
* & nbsp ; * margaret has entered the chatroom .
*
* * happybot : * * greetings !
* * margaret : * * is this where i can purchase a cheap robot ?
* * happybot : * *
yes !
i am a robot for sale .
* * margaret : * * how much ?
* * happybot : * *
due to market forces , my price is an extremely fluid variable that is dependent upon negotiation .
* * margaret : * *
so ...
* * happybot : * *
would you like me to play some porn ?
* * margaret : * *
what ?
no !
* * happybot : * * excellent .
my price has been adjusted downward accordingly .
* * margaret : * * what kind of robot are you ?
* * happybot : * * i am a currently decommissioned robot that can perform a number of useful functions , including lifting , carrying , cleaning , torture , and sniping .
* * margaret : * * torture ? ?
sniping ? ?
* * happybot : * *
i ' m sorry .
that was a typo .
i meant ' trigonometry ' and ' snacking . '
* * margaret : * * what is snacking ?
do n't you use electricity ?
* * happybot : * *
i ' m sorry .
that was a typo .
i meant ' cooking . '
* * margaret : * * can you teach math to my daughter sophie ?
* * happybot : * * i am capable of completing sophisticated mathematical calculations , including rocket propulsion problems , artillery rangefinding , and estimating the effects of wind on small projectiles moving very quickly over long distances .
* * margaret : * *
i think sophie is taking geometry this summer .
* * margaret : * * how much physical space do you need ?
* * happybot : * *
my main chassis , without attachments , is the size of a compact car .
my attachments require additional space but can be stored separately when not in use .
* * margaret : * *
what attachments ?
i only need you to teach math to an 8 - year - old .
* * happybot : * *
my default load - out includes a.50 bmg anti - vehicle rifle , a flamethrower , and a telecommunications disruption device .
* margaret has left the chatroom .
* & nbsp ; * happybot is now known as diehumansdie .
* & nbsp ; * * * * * if you liked this , you might like my other stories at /r / hpcisco7965 or /r / tmodal .
the aroma of a christmas feast swept down the halls , up the stairs , and into all rooms to tantalize and drag all occupants to the kitchen to spy upon the two cooks slaving away .
luckily for them , the preparation was done and the family set the table to begin the annual christmas ritual .
they filled their goblets with the ambrosia of the gods - eggnog , which they only sipped around the most holy of holidays .
they donned their crowns and were about to begin their merrymaking , when the witch spoke .
` ` that 's * waaaaay * too much eggnog ! ''
she gasped .
` ` do n't you know how unhealthy that is ? ''
she had addressed one of the cooks , who had worked half the day to provide the feast .
this cook had also resisted the temptations of food for six months and lost sixty pounds .
she had visited a nutritionist and completely changed her ways , but she was beginning to forget the delights of sweets .
she decided to reward her efforts on that one holiday , knowing full well what she was consuming and had accounted for it in her calorie logs .
she had the same amount of eggnog as the witch .
` ` i am well aware , but it is christmas . ''
` ` ca n't she just enjoy herself today , love ? ''
the other chef said .
the witch shook her head , pointing at the eggnog as though a demon possessed it .
` ` i ca n't allow anyone to drink that much ! ''
the chef that lost weight was filled with guilt .
how could she ruin her weight loss regiment like that ?
she wanted to appease the witch and quickly poured the eggnog from her goblet back into its carton .
the room was thick with silence .
no one spoke and they were all full of unease .
they could sense the witch 's anger , but over what ?
` ` where is your eggnog ? ''
the witch hissed at the chef .
` ` i put it back .
i do n't want any , '' the chef muttered , shifting some food around on her plate .
the witch glided out of her seat and returned shortly with a sippy cup of ambrosia .
` ` drink , '' she spat .
` ` no . i do n't want any , '' the chef said , controlling the quaking in her voice .
` ` i feel bad about taking any at all . ''
` ` just drink it ! ''
the witch snarled .
` ` no ! ''
the chef said , handing it to another onlooker at the table .
the witch went ballistic , angry that any of her minions would defy her .
` ` why do you have to spite me like that ?
i slave away for this family , and you have to make me out as the bad guy !
i only care about your guys ' health !
it was unhealthy , but you can have a little ! ''
silence permeated the room .
no one touched their food as the witch stood there examining the chef .
` ` i * hate * living here .
why ca n't we ever be a normal family ? ''
the witch shrieked .
one of the children began to cry as the witch grabbed the chef 's food and tossed it in the trash .
then she grabbed her own food and fled to her lair .
the rest of the table began to snivel and drifted apart .
there was no more merrymaking that night .
never again was the christmas feast the same .
never again did the cook sip eggnog .
they would never speak of that night , but it weighed heavy in their thoughts whenever they communed to feast .
` ` you ' ve got to be able to feel it in your gut , '' he said , taking a long pull of whiskey from the old , battered flask .
` ` it 's the only way you 'll ever make it through .
a second too early ...
a second too late ... ''
he drew his finger across his throat , tracing the outline of scar tissue that cut through the ragged stubble .
` ` it 's over . ''
i brought myself to my knees and rose slowly , shouldering my heavy training repeater .
i had been running this drill for days , and still had n't gotten any closer to passing .
i was breathing hard now .
the lack of sleep was eating at the corner of my mind , numbing my senses and fraying the edge of what was real and what was my imagination .
i did n't have the energy to-
` ` run it again . ''
cork said , pocketing his flask .
` ` i can barely stand .
there 's no way i 'll pass . ''
` ` again . ''
cork repeated .
there was no sympathy in his leathery voice .
it was a command .
i ran the loop again that day .
eight more times .
eventually , i collapsed out of exhaustion , allowing the med students to practice transporting a limp body to the sick bay .
after a half day 's rest cork pulled me from the medical cot and pushed me back onto the course .
i passed without a single error .
damn cork for being right .
damn him .
now , i crouched in the shadows of the wrecked battle ship .
sitting .
waiting .
waiting for the feeling in my gut to tell me when to run and when to shoot .
cork had died a long time ago , along with most of the others in basic training , but his instructions had lived on .
they had molded me , changed me .
i was on this mission alone .
i would be successful or die trying .
the sentries paced back and forth , guarding the passage to the aft deck firing chamber ( or what was left of it ) .
they sidestepped the rubble and collapsed steel beams , holding their rifles close .
overhead , high above the atmosphere , sat the largest cruiser in the system .
a dreadnought class , armed to the teeth , and then some .
an apex predator that had torn apart every resistance ship that fought back .
the largot corporation ship * sermon of the winter dread * .
admiral firell himself was on board , overseeing the routine maintenance of his technological marvel .
maintenance that would , coincidentally , require a momentary redirection of energy from the shield system .
it was a once in a lifetime opportunity .
i just hoped my gut was up to the task .
slowly and carefully , i drew my repeater close to my chest .
i still had a full clip of ammo , and about fifteen minutes left before the exterior patrols were due to check in .
i just had to wait until-
my gut spoke .
it was time to unload .
i burst out from behind the manifold and brought my repeater to my shoulder , pulling the trigger in one smooth motion .
quick flashes of bright green filled the dark wreck , splashing down on the target above and turning his upper torso into a fine mist .
the other sentry was n't slow .
he whipped around and took aim .
as his finger moved to squeeze the trigger , my repeater sent another flash that scorched through his helmet .
he slumped to the ground .
i sidestepped around the room , scanning for additional threats .
nothing stirred .
satisfied , i sprinted down the corridor toward the firing chamber .
this wreck served as an unofficial outpost for the largot corporation ; its mining engineers liked to use the still - intact forward quarters as a getaway from the colony .
the corporation had posted guards to ward off traveling marauders looking to ransom its engineers .
what the corporation did n't know was that while the aft portion was dark , there were some functions that were still operational ...
the light on the front of my repeater illuminated the dark hallway .
i passed by the aft mess , med - bay , telemetry rooms , until finally i found it .
high - ex cannon firing chamber .
the door gave way easily .
i could feel my heart thudding in my chest .
this was it .
i followed the training i had practiced so many times .
turn the display key .
the firing monitor whirred and beeped , booting back to life .
target the largest orbital heat signature .
a red flash and a tone confirmed the target was locked and in - range .
fire .
nothing happened , at first .
then , suddenly , the ship began to shake and shudder .
a crack like lightning tore through the hull , deafening and nearly blinding me in the process .
i saw a blur of warning lights around me .
strobes telling me to evacuate .
i cared for none of them .
i could die , but the mission had to be a success .
i crawled back toward the panel , ears still ringing from the blast .
slowly , i pulled myself up to the display , trying to read the firing report in the dim light of the warning flashes .
a hit .
mission success .
i slumped back against the panel and dropped my repeater to my side , letting it clang against the hard bulkhead .
i reached inside my utility pocket and pulled out an old , battered flask .
as the wreckage of the * sermon of the winter dread * crashed down around me , i took a long pull .
` ` here 's to you , cork . ''
i have been here since the very beginning .
the shadow cast from the dawn of creation was my crib .
and as soon as i stepped into this world , i knew what i was .
i knew what i had to do .
and i carried my task out beautifully , if i dare say so myself .
contrary to perhaps popular belief , i never wanted the death of everyone , and everything .
i never wanted the nuclear waves that stripped the whole earth clean of life .
temporarily , at least .
yes , the universe would continue , radiation would drop , and in a couple million years , perhaps i 'd be here again to watch world war four unfold .
but for now - one last burden rests on my shoulders .
it 's hard to tell whether it 's a man or a woman this time .
starved , all but skin and bones ...
no , there 's stubble on his chin .
must be a man .
` ` hope . ''
i whisper , and his head jerks towards me .
the realization comes quickly , and he staggers to his feet , towards me .
i do n't want this .
i want - i * * need * * distance .
so i do n't move .
a second later , his foot catches on something , and he stumbles .
reaches for me .
i do n't even think about catching him , and i find myself with his weight against my chest a second later .
he 's so light .
i clench my jaws and burrow deeper in the stoic silence that people have come to expect .
` ` so , it 's over ? ''
he asks quietly , and i nod .
for now , it 's over .
` ` is it going to hurt ? ''
i shake my head - ` ` the least i can do is make it quick .
you wo n't feel a thing . ''
i answer quietly , and he nods .
i slowly kneel , and he does the same .
he rests upright , slowly lowering his head .
i move behind him and pull my scythe out of the nothingness that surrounds us .
an elegant tool , but nothing more .
no sentimental value .
if i bothered to attach emotions to it , they would * not * be positive ones .
i turn again and silently prepare my swing .
i does n't take long , just like i promised .
something i would never confess to anyone - i really , really hate this part .
but this is too much .
i drop to my knees and scream .
for how long , i do n't know .
but all my anger , and all my sadness finally has a venue of release .
i push the scythe against the ground and upright myself .
his body is long gone .
or maybe i ' m somewhere different .
this is all far too much .
and i want answers .
and now that creation is no more , the great creator and i will see eye to eye .
i stood on the ledge looking down at what would certainly be death .
i moved closer to the edge and shuffled nervously from foot to foot .
how had so many others managed to commit ?
certainly there was no alternative at this stage .
retreating from the ledge and going back to that broken mess of a home offered no reprieve from the consequences of this situation .
my brother stood next to me , and breathing in threw himself into open space .
` ` just jump you fucking coward ! ''
he yelled while simultaneously defecating .
he was always braver than i was , although not as compelling to talk to .
it truly was now or never .
i flung myself into the abyss , clenched my eyes shut , and spread my wings .
it worked !
i ' m flying !
my mother swooped triumphantly around me ` ` fuck yes !
you did it !
i ' m so proud ! ''
` ` hey , hhhhhey hey , uh , freddie . ''
` ` what . ''
` ` i - i ' m know ...
i know i just got myself ...
really high , but , drop the mask .
fucking , drop it .
hahahaha . ''
they tell me to drop the mask , the fuck is that shit about ?
i do n't need no motherfuckin ' freud - ass bitch sayin ' that i ' m fuckin my daddy .
* i ai n't even have no daddy * i fuckin ' swear , man , if these bitch - ass yuppies did n't get me eating every night , i 'd slap 'em in their fuckin ' smug - ass face .
fuck , i can at least get him to bounce .
` ` yo , get outta here , i wan na smoke . ''
` ` uuuuugh , alright .
um , * whefucksdidorr * , oh ok ''
he strugglin ' to use a goddamn door .
maybe i 'd be laughing if i did n't give him that shit , if i did n't spend about most of my day cooking that shit just so some fucker can act a fool for a few hours .
man , fuck him , i ai n't associating with him anymore .
bitch .
* sfffffffff * * schvwooooo * ugh , shit .
i better clean this shit up .
i wan na hang with my homies tomorrow , i got ta get some fuckin ' sleep .
* maybe you wo n't think about her this time * ....
* there 's been some complications * ....
* i ' m sorry* ....
fuck you , i wo n't drop this fuckin ' mask .
from birth , radnar was marked for greatness .
as he emerged from his mother 's womb , a red comet burned a streak across the sky above their modest farmhouse .
as his cries carried across the barren fields , a cow kicked over a lantern in the barn , setting the structure ablaze .
during his traditional tea - leaf reading , an arthritic witch spilled boiling tea upon his week - old arm .
as the boy grew in size , the scar grew larger and redder .
the villagers generally agreed the scar was growing more ' comet - like . '
there was a great war for the future of mankind and radnar was the first lad in the village to trade in his hoe for a sword to join the army of good .
the villagers knew he would return victorious within a season , possibly carrying the head of the dark lord , and marry the prettiest girl in the village .
that was how the stories went !
when radnar failed to return within a year , the girl married a widower who was too old to be conscripted .
when he failed to return within two years , the villagers began eyeing the clouds to the east with suspicion ( where they darker than usual ?
was that lightening red ? )
and the more cautious , reactionary villagers packed handcarts and moved west .
this included radnar 's mother and the pretty girl , who was also very kind and felt a lot of responsibility for her could have been mother - in - law .
consequently , they were far enough west in the foothills of the mountains to escape certain death when the land shattered with the victory of the dark lord .
the village itself became the bottom of a lava river , and the remaining villagers were cursed .
eventually the dark lord was overthrown by a descendant of the pretty girl , but that is another , longer story .
so what happened to radnar ?
what happens to most untrained peasants during their first battle ?
placed in the front line , with the true heroes somewhere behind them , armed with a rusty blade not meant for cutting anything stronger than well - churned butter ?
they die .
in radnar 's case , an arrow felled him before the sword even saw use .
` ` the 39 that departed before me have appeared again .
the away team has returned home .
they promised to return , in what form neither i nor they pretended to know .
in this grand , cosmic ballet , they have traveled to the next level .
now they have appeared again , transformed , extending to humanity another opportunity to avoid the terrible end of recycling .
purposefully left behind by my leaders and fellow believers , i have awaited their return perpetually , and spread our message to all those who failed to believe , failed to see the truth in our faith .
all of these people will face recycling if truths , passed from above , are not heeded .
chosen for this mission due to my strength in faith , i am now vindicated with the return of the 39 .
my mission has been eased with the spacecraft 's message during re - entry .
` ` it 's up to you , now . ''
all those who find belief in their soul will realize the futility of a physical spacecraft .
we are meant to ascend without such aid from our helpers above us .
journeying to the levels beyond those requiring a physical spacecraft has been opened up by the away team .
it is up to us now .
all are welcome to graduate with me .
this time , no person needs to be left in occupation of their earthly vehicle .
this is the final chance .
our earthly vehicles served us well .
we can graduate to a level where no vehicle is necessary .
our leaders do and ti , have illuminated the path by going before us .
it is time to meet do
and ti again .
as it was before , 40 people have seen the light and hope of our beliefs .
we are prepared to graduate and be welcomed into their kingdom . ''
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - this message was found at the site of a mass suicide in northern new mexico , instigated by a remaining member of the millenarian cult heaven 's gate .
41 people were found dead , in black shirts and sweat pants , matching shoes , and a square , purple cloth covering their faces and torsos .
plastic bags had been applied over the heads for asphyxiation , though they all died from ingesting phenobarbitol and distilled liquor .
in a bizarre example of common sense thinking , each of the bodies carried $ 8.00 .
this appears to have been the interplanetary toll of $ 5.75 carried by the last group , but adjusted for inflation .
sections of the spacecraft that broke up when entering the earth 's atmosphere , have been recovered .
nasa , esa , and the rka have released statements claiming it to have been a satellite , possibly of iranian origin .
extraterrestrial origin for the satellite is a popular theory but this lacks any significant evidence .
the moonlit sky spotlighting her face , she in my sights , true poise and grace as i hold my breath , an art form some say , how much time left , how long will she stay ?
a tear in one eye , the other eye shut , the leaves dance faster , and i feel my gut tell me it 's time to let go of my fear , but a moment longer , until it stays clear .
i begin the journey , she steps to the right , a moment too late , clouds envelop the night
and i open my eyes , knowing i missed , ` ` not quick enough on the damn trigger .. ''
i hissed .
it was an ordinary day , i 'd wait till about 12:00 for my mail .
always coming in the same smooth polished volkswagen transporter runner , rolling up to my over grown yard to be given the packages by the young 17 year old , just out of school .
his name was jakob , his parents must have been drunk to spell his name with a ` ` k '' .
although , i had nothing better than to bicker about the people who walked past , walking there dogs , just doing there own thing .
the notes and packages were just random things .
` ` mr ~~narvell~~ , '' not me , so i guess it goes in the bin .
` ` have you considered * solar power ?
* ''
no , fuck off .
` ` heart disease association ''
i do n't have it
so it does n't matter .
` ` agricultural semen auction '' * eww , gross .
*
if only i gave it back to him .
he handed me this tall lumbering looking package .
the peculiar thing was , this one had detail put into it ; i know it sounds weird saying that a package could have ' detail ' put into it , but it was obvious .
this thing had been made carefully , precisely , it had n't been crudely packaged with scotch tape as they usually are , trimmed fabric and even a card holder was on the front of it .
it was mind boggling ; who did i get this from ?
have a struck it rich in some peruvian territory ?
am i the king of denmark now ?
i doubt it .
it was titled a mr * * * john doe .
* * * i refused the package , this could n't be mine , obviously has had the tampering of a third party , something was in play , i handed it back to him , refusing this was mine .
` ` sir , this is yours .
i ' ve had special orders from corporate to deliver this selectively to you . ''
' you sure ? '
` ` i ' ve known you for four years , and they expected me to carry a photo of you . ''
* what ?
how have do they have a photo of me ?
of course , it must be just from the local paper or something ...
* ' i 'll take it then .
but before you go , do you mind if i have a look at that photo they said to use to identify me ? '
` ` sure . ''
this is n't right , this photo could n't have been taken , it looks like when you get your photo taken for your license at the dmv , except for the small part of me never getting my license .
or being fingerprinted , or ...
i try to leave nothing behind , and so far successful , but somebodies taken this , was it my neighbour ?
drugging me and taking candid photography in my sleep ? !
i doubt it , she ca n't exactly get out of her bed most of the time ...
i guess i 'll have to leave it that , trying to talk to this guy is like bashing your head against a brick wall and expecting a answer .
' hey mate , could you possibly give me an idea who this was sent from ? '
` ` i could possibly get back to you about that , what 's your name ? ' ''
' ... never mind dude , do n't worry . ''
' you sur- '' ' yes , i ' m sure . '
` ` okay , well , have a good day sir . ''
' you too jakob . '
* see what i mean ?
horrible name .
* i ran back to my little rat 's hole , eager to open this little pandora 's box waiting to happen .
sorry guys , have to end it there , give me some feedback to finish this off .
` ` sir , sensors indicate that the enemy is fast approaching , '' the sound of mike broke the silence of the night .
i gripped the barrel of my rifle , readying my finger over the trigger .
not far from me , sergeant jake 's heavy breathing could be heard clearly over the still of the air .
he was nervous , and so were we .
approaching our lines was an enemy that no one had seen or even heard before .
the only indication that we had , our only intelligence so far , was a satellite thermal imaging taken days ago .
we were supposed to be the first unit to have contact with the enemy .
` ` ready up ! ''
the sergeant screamed as the rumbling in the distance began to grow louder .
the ground trembled slightly beneath my feet .
i squinted my eyes towards the bridge , my heart pumping .
* what could have taken down an entire city in less than a day , without any warning ?
*
and right just then , leaping from the shadows , and landing right smack behind our line , stood a towering beast .
it was suited in some sort of ceremonial armor , the bright patterns looking oddly out of place .
the beast stared at us with us glowing red eyes , its sharp teeth bared threateningly at us .
` ` fire ! ''
i heard the sergeant roared .
the night erupted in gunfire .
i aimed my gun at the creature 's and pressed the trigger , but to my horror , the bullets bounced off harmlessly off its skin .
there were shouts of panic as it rushed towards my position , and with one quick swipe , it sent me flying through the air , crashing into the side of a humvee .
a searing pain shot through my body as i rolled unto the ground .
i tried to move myself , but each attempt only brought more pain .
i must have broken at least a few bones , i thought to myself .
around me , the sound of chaos filled the air .
explosions , gunfire , more screams .
above in the sky , winged creatures swooped in and carried away screaming soldiers .
when i signed on to protect my country , i expected to fight terrorists , humans .
not some otherworldly creatures that were tearing apart our unit now .
i looked around me , desperate to find my rifle .
it was lying not far from me , beside a badly mangled torso of another marine .
before i could make my way to it , however , a bright burning feet stepped on it , melting away the body of the gun .
long curled claws extended from the feet , while fire burned constantly around it .
i followed the leg up , to be met with the grinning face of a horned figure .
` ` oh , you were looking for that ? ''
he said with a smile , his crooked and pointed teeth clearly visible .
there was something in his voice that made my hair stand on edges .
he moved closer to me , his smile turning into something more sinister .
a stench of rotten flesh assaulted me nose .
he raised his arms toward me , and i saw a huge set of wings spread from his back .
` ` i ' m afraid you wo n't be needing that any longer , or your life for that matter . ''
i closed my eyes and waited for the inevitable .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - /r / dori_tales
i was on my way to the boardroom , and the tension was palpable .
this merger had to go through , the directors were clear about that .
the company i had started fifteen years ago had grown exponentially , and now it was time to reap the rewards .
i had spend three weeks with my legal team , crafting a buyout that could ensure the prosperity of a small nation !
as i entered the boardroom , i was taken aback .
the room was empty , save for the legendary mr. barca , seated at the head of the table directly across the room from me .
the hardwood table had in its center a large stone elephant , which in addition to its function as a centerpiece obscured mr. barca from my view .
before my seat at the table lay a manila folder .
` ` do you know why i gave up the military life , mr. longus ? ''
` ` i never heard the full story . ''
` ` it 's because soldiers carry no momentum .
if any army is faced with a big enough obstacle it will fail .
at its core , an army is just many , many individual soldiers . ''
he paused .
` ` money is different .
money moves in waves .
amass a large enough fortune , and you can topple anything .
war can only destroy nations and people , yet money can destroy all that and more .
money destroys cultures , money destroys ideas , money is even in the process of destroying the planet . ''
hannibal barca , the former despot and oil baron - turned venture capitalist , stood up , staring intently at me .
` ` it is this momentum that will topple your fragile little company .
your company might have built cities , but mine has built nations .
please open your folder . ''
as i pored over the documents , my fears grew .
a lump formed in the back of my throat .
my company was to be completely dissolved , all assets transferred to hannibal 's north african nation - conglomerate .
the board of directors would never stand for this !
` ` if you are looking for the necessary signatures , they can be found on page 15 . ''
my heart sank as one by one , i saw the signatures of the board i had personally assembled just a few years earlier .
they were to receive small payments , low - ball seven figure sums .
` ` i 'll never sign ! ''
` ` you do n't need to .
check the very last document ''
there it was , the final document in the folder was a letter deposing me as president of the company .
the board had all signed it .
` ` do n't take it personally , mr. longus , i had them fund your comfortable lifestyle for a few more years .
several hundred thousand dollars will be delivered to your account annually for the next 20 years . ''
i do n't know how he did it , but hannibal took everything from me .
by some posturing of his i will be receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars when i should have made hundreds of millions .
but it is n't over .
i ' ve liquidated my assets , pooling them with the legendary investor scipio ` ` the man who hustled all of africa '' .
we will have the last laugh .
edit : formatting is hard .
“ captain flying brick you will never catch me ! ”
the indestructible man shouted as he raced down an alley .
“ think again indestructible man ! ”
our hero retorts as he flies into the alley , readying his laser vision to trap the indestructible man .
to our hero ’ surprise the indestructible man has dropped the bags of money he stole and is pointing fiercely at his watch .
our hero quickly checks his own .
it ’ s 5:00 , shift is up .
our hero looks around and points to a storm drain .
the indestructible man flashes him the ok symbol , and the two silently lift the man hole cover and drop through ..
as the sound of sirens gets closer the captain shouts as loud as he can .
“ oh no , not through the apartment complex , you dastardly fiend ! ”
and then quickly covers the man hole behind him .
“ phew . ”
indestructible man says as soon as the captain drops in behind him .
“ i thought we were going to have to have a climactic battle or something .
i ’ m still sore from the last one .
“ indestructible indeed , you know i take that name as a challenge right ? ”
the captain asked .
“ oh it was in the contract , don ’ t give me gripe . ”
both were swapping out their costumes for street clothes that had been stored in some cached duffle bags .
the city ’ s maintenance personnel were told to keep all storm drains stocked with them for the heroes .
they didn ’ t know the villains used them too .
“ you want to grab some wings ? ”
the villain asked .
“ sure , i ’ ll pick up a paper so we can take a look at the crime rates while we ’ re at it . ”
the captain said .
“ great . ”
indestructible replied .
“ i think my gang is up to about 120 people , so when you find my secret hideout and round them up we should see a couple percent drop . ”
“ you don ’ t think your henchmen will suspect something ? ”
the captain asked .
“ nah , i ’ ll just have some incompetent people on guard duty .
i ’ m sure they ’ ll start a fight or something that we can use as the excuse for you finding me . ”
edit : spelling and grammar
i awoke on a beach .
the waves licked at my feet as i sat upright .
i looked up and down the beach .
there was no one .
“ welcome , amy , ” said someone from behind me .
the voice was deep and carried an air of authority .
i turned to look behind me .
a robed figure sat on a rock behind me .
it held a sickle in one , pale skinned hand .
i couldn ’ t see its face .
“ where am i ? ”
“ purgatory . ”
“ so , ” i said , as i nodded my head , “ i died then . ”
the figure laughed .
“ good .
ones that have come to terms with their death are the easiest . ”
the waves continued to lap at my feet .
i didn ’ t like wet socks , so i stood and moved closer to the figure .
“ are you death ? ”
the hood nodded .
“ yes . ”
i looked at the bluffs behind death .
there weren ’ t any birds in the air or any sound besides the waves .
“ what now ? ”
“ would you like to return life ? ”
my life hadn ’ t been that bad .
there were still things that i wanted to do .
i shrugged .
“ sure . ”
death stood and cleaned off its robe .
“ you have to beat me in a rap battle to return to life . ”
i couldn ’ t stop myself from looking for hidden cameras .
“ what ? ”
death pointed to the sand beside me .
the ground bubbled up into two lumps of sand .
“ rap battle . ”
“ what does that have to do with lyrics ? ”
i said .
death sighed and pulled a merriam - webster dictionary from its sleeve .
the book opened , the pages flipping on their own and then stopping .
death let go of the dictionary .
it floated before me .
halfway down the page ‘ rap ’ highlighted .
“ read number 6 , ” said death .
i leaned forward .
“ * ’ metallurgy * . to jar ( a pattern ) loose from a sand mold ’ . ”
i rubbed my temples and looked down at the two lumps of sand .
“ god damn it , ” i muttered .
the dictionary slammed shut and disappeared .
a rubber mallet appeared , floating in front of me .
“ would you like to go first or should i ? ” said death .
` ` he ca n't even handle it when strangers start talking about the weather .
he screams and regresses into , well , you ' ve seen it , doc . ''
the father stroked his son 's head .
the boy was sedated for the procedure .
` ` our memories have such a profound affect on how we perceive the world .
sometimes a traumatic memory becomes so engrained in our mind that the simplest interaction can spur an association with undesirable events . ''
` ` i actually awoke to him trying remove .. my .. manhood , '' the father 's eyes widened at his own traumatic memory .
` ` he thought it was the only way to make everything o.k. again . ''
` ` my word , are you sure you would n't like to schedule a procedure , yourself ? ''
` ` no , no .
i 'll be comfortable knowing that he wo n't have reason to try again . ''
` ` if you do n't mind my asking .
i am a qualified therapist , and i ca n't say i ' ve ever come across anyone who has found the weather channel to be at all arousing . ''
` ` oh , geeze .
i guess this was coming . ''
` ` you do n't have to- ''
` ` it 's fine .
i probably should put it out there . ''
the father breathes in with a sharp inhale through his scraggly - haired nostrils .
` ` i ' ve thought long and hard about this and so far what i ' ve come up with is this ; when i was a child , i remember that nearly everyday i would be roused awake by the sounds of the television .
every day i could hear it , the chatter of the news .
i remember being able to hear the anchors talking , but i never understood what they were talking about .
politics was beyond my comprehension .
but when the weather forecaster came on , which always happened to be a man , i got excited .
i knew what he was talking about !
it seems stupid , but it made me feel good to actually grasp something the adults watched . ''
` ` so , how do you think you came to associate it with masturbation ? ''
` ` i guess i associate the weather channel with confidence and , well , masturbating seems shameful enough .
maybe i like feeling confident while i .. take care of myself . ''
` ` does it have to be a man ? ''
` ` the forecaster ?
i do prefer it be a man .
but , i do n't think it 's a homosexual thing . ''
` ` it does n't have to be .
male figures can often make a man feel more comfortable with himself . ''
` ` yea , that 's kind of what i thought . ''
` ` do you fantasize while you masturbate ? ''
` ` of course . ''
` ` and are the fantasies typically of you with a female ? ''
` ` no , actually i ' m forecasting the weather . ''
` ` what ? ''
` ` i imagine i ' m a meteorologist and i have my own weather forecast . ''
` ` that 's your sexual fantasy ? ''
` ` yea ... ''
` ` wow , you are fucked up . ''
` ` hey ... ''
sweat trickled down my tomato like face one more question to answer and i would make it , well if i answered it correctly .
my fingers tapped violently at the metal arms of the curved chair that i wriggled in , as i looked over at the crowd i saw my family screeching like a flock of birds calling to eachother to follow .
` ` mrs bree are you ready ? ''
chris wondered as he glared eagerly into my eyes ` ` r - ready for what ? ''
i steered from my position to look at his settling face ` ` to answer the last question of course '' he replied picking up his multi coloured cards it felt as though everything had paused for a second
and i was given a moment to take in my surroundings , i tried to calm my quick paced breathing and wiped my jacket arm across my forehead that seemed to overflow with body moist .
chris read the words that were written across the very things that could shape my life , a piece of paper .
my final sentence drifted out of my mouth quicker than i could think , however i ' m glad they did as the question , along with the answer , disgusted me in an unsettling fashion .
standing slowly i looked greedily into the host 's eyes .
` ` you won ''
he screamed at the top of his lungs , while i bit at my nails one by one , my mouth then turning to awe , reassuring myself that what he said was correct .
i then embraced him in a hug that showed my gratitude , to tell him i was thankful for being given such an opportunity .
i hope you enjoyed .
feel free to leave any tips and feedback to help me improve as i am a beginner writer .
he did it .
he truly did it .
the big red one , i had told him not to push .
the * big red button * .
i was in the other room when it happened , fast asleep .
i was supposed to be watching him , but i had n't slept the night before .
i had been on my assignment , filling out red - tape documents , talking to the guards , everything that required energy .
and now he had done it .
the thing i feared most .
he had pushed * the big red one * .
finally , as the squeak of the button raised itself to the original position the sound finally came .
* * well that was easy * * ` ` god damnit frank . ''
edit : for those that do n't see the [ reference ] ( http : //3.bp.blogspot.com/_lguytl7qze0 / szkdeq_utfi / aaaaaaaadeq / kqtjelhubl4 / s400 / easy - button.jpg ) .
apart from the dust blowing through the air , nothing moved .
flames flickered in the distance , but other than that , everything was dark .
the sun hadn ’ t managed to fight through the thick clouds for months .
in the middle of this wasteland stood a hut , cobbled together from lumps of wood and sheets of metal that by now were mostly rust .
there was a flash of blinding light , and the sound of a choir singing in latin .
when the light faded away , there was a figure standing in the ashes , a figure clothed entirely in white , with enormous white wings .
he glanced down at the dirt already covering his white brogues and scowled .
taking a deep breath , he set off towards the hut .
a rumble sounded behind him .
if the figure had turned round , he would have seen the earth open up .
an ugly , blood - red light shone out of .
as people screamed and howled far below , a gnarled hand reached out of the crack , and a creature in rags pulled themselves up into the open air .
the creature giggled and rolled around in the dirt for a few seconds , before shivering .
he wasn ’ t used to being out of the heat .
looking around , he saw the figure in white , rapidly approaching the hut .
he dropped to all fours and raced to catch up with the angel .
“
oi ! ”
he called .
the angel ignored him .
“ gabriel , right ? ”
gabriel spun round .
“ what ? ”
“ just wanted to say hi . ”
“ excellent .
sorry , ” gabriel said , gesturing to the nearby hut , “ but i ’ m kind of in the middle of something . ”
“ don ’ t you remember me ? ”
“ should i ? ”
“ i ’ d hope so .
the name ’ s legion .
all my mates call me lee . ”
“ oh , yes .
you .
nice to see you again , legion . ”
gabriel started off to the hut again , with legion skipping besides him .
“ so what are you up to , gabe ? ”
“ the same as you , i expect . ”
“ probably , ” legion said .
“ this guy must be important if the big man ’ s sent you .
i thought you were meant to be his right - hand man . ”
“ and what ’ s that meant to mean ? ”
legion shrugged .
“ nothing .
just thought you ’ d have better things to do than come all the way down here .
you in his bad books or something ? ”
“ no .
if i was in his bad books , i ’ d be down with you and your kind .
this is the last soul on earth , and ... ”
“ oh , i know that , ” legion interrupted .
“ you think i came up here for fun ?
i ’ d rather be back home .
it ’ s cannibal friday today , i was looking forward to it .
but no – i ’ ve got to get this guy and bring him back with me . ”
gabriel laughed , a laugh that sounded like tinkling bells .
“ i don ’ t think so , lee .
i ’ m taking him back with me . ”
legion pounced in front of the angel , and snarled .
“ so do you want to fight for him or something ?
bring it , feathers . ”
“ i ’ m not going to fight you . ”
“ oh yeah ?
there ’ s no way i ’ m giving him a choice between going with you and me .
why would he go to hell ?
only one of us is talking to him , and it ’ s me . ”
“ sorry , but that ’ s not going to happen .
he ’ s coming to heaven .
his father wants to welcome his child home . ”
legion snorted loudly .
“ don ’ t give me that .
you ’ ll be trying to convince me next . ”
“ actually , i … ” “ no . ”
“ we ’ re here now , ” gabriel said , pointing to the hut , only a few feet away now .
“ why don ’ t we just both go in , introduce ourselves , and let him decide what he wants to do . ”
“ i already told you !
he ’ ll want to go with you ! ”
“ we don ’ t even know who ’ s in there .
for all i know , he ’ s an axe murderer , or a satanist .
i think they ’ ll be pretty keen on following you .
and if they want to join me , well … between you and me , ” gabriel whispered , “ god ’ s not so keen on satanists . ”
legion rolled his eyes .
“ fine .
you ’ ve convinced me .
let ’ s do it . ”
before either of them could walk up to the door and knock on it , someone yanked it open .
an old man stood there in the doorway , staring blankly into the distance .
“ hello there ! ”
gabriel called out , brightly .
“ i ’ ve come to … ”
the man yawned and stretched .
he didn ’ t seem to have noticed the angel at all , let alone heard him .
frowning , gabriel gave a little wave , but the man just picked up a little bag and stepped out of his hut , pulling the door shut behind him .
“ mate ! ”
legion shouted , but the man trudged past him .
when legion yelled again , right in his ear , the man didn ’ t even blink .
legion looked up at the angel and shrugged .
“ great , ” gabriel sighed .
“ another atheist . ”
edit :
ooh , gold .
thank you , kind stranger !
it would have been a little more convenient if the boss 's password had been on a post - it next to the screen .
oh well .
robin jammed an office chair under the door handle , and set to work .
in about two minutes , the computer surrendered and the screen filled with documents .
budgets , meeting minutes , schedules , e - mails .
robin started to copy them to her usb stick .
there should be enough here to determine how much of the last few months bic had planned , how much they 'd improvised frantically , and what they were hoping to achieve .
running footsteps .
the door handle rattled .
` ` hey , who 's in there ? ''
someone shouted .
robin muttered a curse .
no time for reading now .
robin checked the exits - the door was no good , and the window just led into the courtyard .
either one would see her trying to fight past the night guard , who knew she was here now .
so , no way out through conventional space .
there were plenty of pens on the desk .
of course there were , this was * the * pen company , was n't it ?
robin grabbed one , and tied a length of thread to it .
then she relaxed , ignored the guards outside , and casually knocked it to the floor .
do n't look yet .
open the window , make them think you went that way .
unplug the usb stick .
spend three precious seconds hoping this will work now like it did during practice .
then duck under the desk and look for the pen .
she did n't find the pen , even though she was still holding on to the other end of the thread .
she pulled gently , and found the gap that the pen had fallen through .
up against the wall , the thread passed through a fold in space , through which an alien landscape was visible .
the fold looked too small for a person to fit through , but robin knew better .
she closed her eyes and crawled forward , following the thread .
the fabric of space squeezed and stretched around her , and then plastic crunched underfoot .
opening her eyes , she saw the surreal yet familiar landscape that her compatriots had called the lost world .
uncharted stars glittered in the sky .
the office was still visible through a fist - sized gap behind her .
robin did n't question how she 'd managed to fit through there .
she heard the door break down , and two pairs of feet running into the room .
` ` shit .
they must have gone out the window . ''
said the voice that had rattled the doorknob .
` ` maybe . ''
this voice was calmer , and wearing shiny leather shoes where the other one had boots .
` ` this is the fourth floor .
she 's not that fast a climber .
give me your torch . ''
silence for a few seconds .
a light beam swept around .
then the owner of the leather shoes crouched down , and stared directly at robin across the gap .
` ` hello there , '' he grinned .
robin yanked on the thread , and the hole vanished .
across the mountains of keys and socks in the lost world , shadows flitted and nighttime dangers lurked .
the way she 'd come was sealed off now .
she had to hope she could find another path back to earth , before someone followed her in here .
the man stared the duck in the eye from ten feet away .
` ` you ... ''
he grunted through clenched teeth .
he went for his sword , but it was n't there .
as he grasped the air where there was once a sword , his expression quickly degraded from rage to anguish .
he fell to his knees and held his face in his hands .
` ` why ?
why did you have to leave cynthia ? ''
the heir to one of the largest kingdom 's the world had ever known was soon to take a wife .
she was the fairest being to walk the earth , and captivated all with such beauty and grace not even the highest of monarchs could ever hope to match , and did so in poverty .
by mere chance the prince had stumbled upon her , while riding on horseback through the countryside to his favorite lake .
accompanied by two of his royal guard , the procession advanced across the southern end of the coast , toward a grove of trees off to the west .
when they reached the edge of the small forest , the prince heard the most lovely sound to ever have reached his ears .
a sweet melody rung out through the grove , but the tune paled in comparison to the figure which entered the prince 's view .
before him , clad in tattered rags , was a woman whose equal was not met in the prince 's reality , or even in his dreams .
her scanty clothing did nothing to tarnish her golden complexion , and the prince watched her in awed silence .
he dismounted his horse and approached her .
` ` my fair maiden , i beseech you , pray tell me thy name so that i might savor it in my heart and cherish it with the memory of thine purest smile . ''
` ` i have no name to fit thy fantasy , '' the woman spoke in mellifluous recitation .
` ` only the one bestowed upon me to which i might be called . ''
` ` i beg of the to tell me so that i might boldly call the name of the most elegant creature of the earth . ''
` ` but if thy call , only by silence will thee be met . ''
` ` and i will wait in that silence for one thousand years if only to hear thee sing again . ''
` ` then i shall wait two thousand years hence to spell my name into thy silence . ''
` ` to wait two thousand years with every minute , an eternity without thine melody . ''
` ` melodiously , i say to thee to wait for an eternity , lest live the rest in want of me . ''
` ` in want of thee i shall remain , regardless of any temporal abstain . ''
` ` prove thy worth and ye shall gain what thou desireth this day . ''
and the prince returned to the small grove of trees every day for the next hundred days , hoping to see the woman again .
each day he waited for hours , but never saw her .
from afar , the woman watched as the prince returned each day in search of her , and after one hundred days had passed , the prince again heard her song .
he raced to the edge of the lake , where he saw her , dressed in the same rags as before .
` ` oh fair maiden , thou doth return to me once again . ''
` ` thy resolve is true , and thy admiration unfailing . ''
` ` yes , yes one thousand times . ''
` ` the name thy seeketh be that which hath existed in my ancestry for one thousand years , and will for one thousand more .
thy might but call me cynthia . ''
` ` cynthia ! cynthia !
the angels in heaven have n't but crafted a finer name than this .
cynthia !
i wish to give to you all of my kingdom , and all of my life , my dearest cynthia . ''
` ` but shall i give my spirit away to a man whose name i know not ? ''
` ` i am james frederick cromwell the third , crown prince and heir to the thrown of englostasia . ''
` ` my darling james , wo n't you take me to be thy wife , so that thou midst hear my song from morning till night . ''
` ` i would gladly trade my kingdom to make it so . ''
and on that day , the two were married .
cynthia cromwell became the radiant queen she was meant to be , and the two fell more madly in love with each other with every day that passed .
every so often , the two would return to the lakeside where they had first met and feed ducks swimming nearby .
years passed like this , in the pleasant tranquility of the comfortable existence they had each settled into .
but after a while , cynthia fell ill .
she also discovered that she was pregnant .
as her baby grew , her health began to fade , and with the celebration of the beginning of one life , the mourn of the loss of another was soon to follow .
the prince , now a king , fell into disrepair .
his kingdom fell to shambles before him , along with the rest of his life .
he blamed his son for taking the life of the woman he loved , and resented him for it .
after he came of age , his son inherited his kingdom as the king was deemed no longer fit to rule it .
he was banished from his way of life , and betrayed by everything he knew , so he returned to the only absolution of his actuality .
as he wandered aimlessly along the once happy shore of the lake , he came to the grove of trees where he had first heard that beautiful song .
he went to the bank of the lake and as a storm of emotions raged inside of him , threatening to capsize the vessel of his sanity , he saw a duck .
keep low .
move fast .
kill first .
die last .
one shot .
one kill .
no luck .
pure skill .
the words were bouncing around my skull for the past hour .
we could n't lose now , we ' ve come too far ..
three of my team were already down , and the bomb was already planted .
one minute to defuse it .
there was an awp - er covering the hallway , so i tossed a flash grenade .
` ` go ! go ! go !
move it ! ''
i shouted .
the awp - er took blinded shots , and one of the stray bullets took another man .
i put the awp - we down with my famas .
2 against 5 .
odds do n't look good right now .
45 seconds left .
another enemy came around the corner and took both of us out with a flash and a deagle .
` ` damn . ''
i said to the screen .
my group lost another game of counterstrike : global offensive to our rivals .
` ` screw this you guys , i ' m making a sandwich ! ''
i was walking down the stairs when i tripped over my little brother 's soccer ball .
* well , shit * i thought .
i hit my head on the railing and fell down the flight of stairs .
my world went black .
i opened my eyes and was nearly blinded by a light that was brighter than anything else i ' ve seen before .
i looked to the golden gates of .. heaven ?
i ca n't be dead .
this has got to be a weird dream .
i walked over to the golden gates , and a old man in a white robe greeted me .
` ` welcome !
welcome !
my name 's peter , and this is heaven .
oh !
we are going to have so much fun with you ! ''
the old robed man said .
` ` i ca n't be dead .
not now .
i ' ve got a cs : go game going on ! ''
i shouted .
` ` oh ...
okay .
i guess i can pull a few strings , make your little fall just a bad concussion . ''
` ` then do it ! ''
` ` okay !
okay .
jeez , you do n't have to be such a meanie . ''
then a bearded man with holes in his hands and feet appeared .
` ` you called pete ? ''
` ` no , jesus , sorry .
since you 're here , can you drop our new friend here off at the hospital ?
he died when he fell , just give him a concussion and a broken arm or leg . ''
` ` leg , please . ''
i said .
` ` sure , no problem . ''
jesus said .
then , i saw a flash of light , even brighter than the one i saw earlier , and i shut my eyes to shield them from the assault .
i opened them to a white , tiled ceiling .
a nurse was next to my bed .
he said ` ` someone upstairs must really like you .
not many people can smash their head through an adobe wall and live to talk about it . ''
` ` heh .. thanks .
do you have a computer around here ? ''
* my troops *
i wake up , digging through dirt and rock .
my body seems jumbled , disoriented .
where 's my legs ?
my hand seems to have made it past the dirt , clawing at air .
i grip the ground , pulling to get more out .
my limbs become heavy , raw and painful then cold .
i keep digging , fingers scrapping over dirt and rock and bone .
i feel my hands on the bones of my face , wiping away packed dirt .
there 's a pressure then i can see .
i watch as red flesh and nerves and tissue cover my rib cage then pale skin .
little bits of hair sprout as i lift my skull - head out of the ground , turning it and putting in on my spine .
i hold it in place as muscle and tendons tie my skull to my neck and shoulders .
then i can let go .
* arise * i can see others , some already fully clothed and others that are horrors of bone and organs .
i shiver , feeling my skin goosebump in the night air .
i lift my hands , run them through my thick , slightly coarse hair , over my ears and neck .
one of the men i recognized had not been lucky enough to get his hair back .
he remained bald .
threads weave themselves around me , turning themselves into cloth then clothes .
i gripped my spear , grabbing my shield and marching over to get in formation .
i am joined by others , by men i had known before my death .
the guy in front of my had his head sliced off two battles before i died .
zagdahl had been in the cooper family a very long time .
centuries ago , before men of christ had reached the highlands , their line had been thanes and the women of their line powerful witches .
they had summoned him one bleak and bloody night to slay their enemies pounding at their keep 's door .
he had killed all who brought him into this world , but zagdahl had fulfilled his promise to them .
but by destroying his doorway back to the world , he had bound himself to the bloodline , chained himself to their command .
his only hope had been that they would die out , but they proved themselves a fertile and resilient bunch .
hence why he now found himself in america .
witches were replaced by televangalists and teenagers in black cotton t - shirts .
thanes were replaced by paper ballots and playground bullies .
the family had always called him dubh sgalag , which in early broken gaelic amounted to something along the lines of ` ` dark servant '' .
but the irony that another handy translation was ` ` sad fool '' did n't escape zagdahl .
he had not been called by his true name in centuries , but for some reason when quinn cooper had asked him his name that first night he stepped out of her closet and loomed over her in the moonlight , he had given her his true one .
and despite corrections from her parents , she still called him zagdahl .
although often she shortened this to dahl .
` ` he 's my favourite author , '' she had explained .
zagdahl , however , could taste when a human lied .
but he did n't need that to know how embaressed she was over her lisp that made the z hard to form .
quinn caught on quick to the whole mistress - demonic servant relationship .
some of his past keepers had kept him locked away in a shadow in a box their entire life .
some had tried to use him for world domination , which of course never ended well ( as the last thane he served could attest ) .
but quinn seemed to instinctively know that sweet spot .
he stole her the odd cookie , cleaned her room , helped her with her math homework .
once , he had killed the car battery when they were on a trip to visit a terribly boring uncle .
and he always made sure her library books were back on time .
the day she came home witha cut lip and bruises up her arm , he was concerned .
her parents accepted that she 'd fallen off the monkey bars , but her lies tasted like honey to him .
` ` just some stupid kids , '' she muttered , tossing her dusty sweater on the clean sheets that zagdahl had just made her bed with .
` ` it 's nothing , dahl . ''
he had been ordered by her parents not to teach her any tricks of summoning or command yet .
she was only eight .
but quinn was his mistress , and any other human could bite his boney ass as far as he was concerned .
unlike all the pathetic wastes of flesh on daytime television , zagdahl would never have to bum around europe eating mushrooms and writing poetry to know his purpose on this earth .
he had been summoned to destroy the enemies of the clan .
and that 's what he intended to do .
it was two months before she finally summoned him at school .
he had been arranging her closet one moment ( so many shoes she definitely no longer fit into ) and on the spotty and stoney battlefield of a school soccer pitch the next .
quinn was crying and her dress was torn .
she pointed a finger , hestiant and trembling , towards a group of bigger looking students .
` ` they stole my book , '' she murmured , hurrying over the s in stole .
` ` the one you gave me . ''
zagdahl did n't mention that he had stolen the book in the first place ; she 'd realize in a couple years that an autographed first edition dahl could n't be summoned out of thin air .
he had told her not to bring it to school , but that was neither here nor there at the moment .
for the first time in decades , zagdahl exhaled .
flames curled from his hollow nostrils and where flesh was missing from bone a mantel of hellfire formed a shell .
his vacant frames of wings became home to a thousand and one feathers made out of shadows .
his sinewy frame swelled with muscle .
his horns gleamed black and red as he strode towards the group .
` ` dahl ! ''
he looked over his shoulder to his little mistress .
she was biting on her nails .
he thought she 'd finally quit that habit for good .
quinn bit her thumb nervously .
` ` do n't ... do n't hurt them too bad . ''
zagdahl merely gave a nod and exhaled again , making himself visible to the world at large .
he had missed the sounds of screams so much ...
note : i tried to post this as [ pi ] , but got rejected .
can i post it here ?
= = = = = = = = = = = = ` ` the tree of life '' i am an ancient dreaming tree , who dreams of tales once told to me .
my roots go down in history before they counted centuries .
the oldest tale that i can weave concerns sir adam 's lady eve , who made the bold discovery that sex controlled heredity .
she found out from some fruity tree ( of no relation close to me ! ) .
she shared this secret with her man
and that 's when trouble soon began .
he fought his shame with sword and shield and built the church and state to wield the right to make whole kingdoms yield in battles fought upon this field .
so many lost , so many grieve ; i ' m forced to stand and count .
i ca n't make like a man and leave when horsemen start to mount !
my arms i throw to god 's great skies
but ca n't reach mother earth .
if you can teach this lesson wise , that joy my grief is worth .
my favour carry in your tourneys :
speak with love on all your journeys .
teach your foe to be your friend , and fight for truth with ink and pen .
i 'll be the paper that you need to print these words for all to read .
take life from me , and not from men ; from seeds of peace , i 'll bloom again ...
* your challenge is to write crossover fanfiction combining romeo & juliet and the bible .
the story should use love triangles as a plot device !
*
the land was barren , with no - one to work it .
so , god created man from the dust he stood upon .
in his nostrils , god breathed the breath of life , and there , man was created .
god named man ` ` romeo . ''
the lord god said , “ it is not good for the man to be alone .
i will make a helper suitable for him . ”
so , god caused the man to fall into a deep sleep .
while sleeping , god reached within man and drew out a rib .
from this rib , he created woman , and the lord god brought woman to man .
god named woman ` ` juliet . ''
the man said , “ this is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh ; she shall be called ‘ woman , ’ for she was taken out of man . ”
god was happy with his creation .
man , and women , created in the lord god 's image , were perfect .
god thought that man was the most perfect thing he had bestowed upon the earth .
he loved man so much , that he fell in love with him .
now , man and women were naked .
although they were naked , they felt no shame , as they were created with innocence .
but satan , crafty individual as he was , felt jealousy .
satan was jealous of god , for he too loved man so much .
so satan took the form of the serpent , and went into the garden .
satan , crafty individual , met up with juliet .
` ` juliet , you must surely know that romeo and his holy father , god , are evil ? ''
juliet said to the serpent ` ` i do not know the meaning of evil , but that surely must not be true !
you are a crafty individual serpent , and god has told me not to listen to you . ''
` ` you do not know the meaning of evil ? ''
the serpent said to juliet .
` ` i will show you .
the fruit of the tree in the middle of the garden will tell you the knowledge of evil .
eat a fruit , and you will know all the knowledge of the world . ''
juliet did not trust the serpent .
` ` serpent , i do not believe you .
god told me that i should never eat the fruit from the tree , for i will surely die if i do . ''
serpent responded ` ` that is what god wants you to think .
he is evil , and you will never know until you eat the fruit .
your eyes will be opened , and you will see the knowledge of good and evil . ''
so , women went over to the tree , and saw that the fruit was very pleasing to the eye .
she took some and ate it , and suddenly she could see the world in its true colors .
she looked over to romeo , and an incurable love swept over her .
` ` o romeo , romeo , wherefore art thou romeo ? ''
she said , as she handed him some of the fruit to eat .
romeo responded ` ` what does that mean juliet ? ''
but juliet could not respond .
she was so overcome with love that she could only say lines in old shakespearean poetry .
` ` what 's in a name ?
that which we call a rose by any other word would smell as sweet . ''
romeo , seeing this alarming insanity , dropped the fruit , and swore never to eat any piece of it .
the lord god , from heaven above , saw juliet spouting her love poetry to his handsome man - crush .
with haste , he appeared down beside his two perfect creations .
god spoke to juliet ` ` woman , have you been eating from the tree that i forbid you to touch ? ''
the women , still trapped in the insainty of love , merely said ` ` this bud of love , by summer 's ripening breath , may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet . ''
god knew that satan had tempted women with the forbidden fruit , and caught on to his devious plan to seduce man .
with a powerful thrust , god obliterated satan with a mighty punch .
juliet , who in the recent turn of events had gone even more insane , decided to fashion a dagger from a nearby branch .
juliet cried ` ` o happy dagger ! ''
before stabbing herself repeatedly in the chest .
romeo , who had seen his creator mercilessly obliterate a fellow creature , and his best friend stab herself repeatedly in the chest , decided he did not want to live on this planet anymore , so he committed suicide .
god , who was an omniscient and omnipotent being , created a new romeo , and the two lived happily ever after .
* the end ... *
sorry , but imma break the rules just a bit by starting on day 2 if that 's alright : p i crawled out of bed , after trying for the better part of the morning .
grumbling from the floor , i glanced over to the clock , then struggled to my feet , stumbling over to the shower .
11:00 , getting late into the day already , and with so much work to do ... as with every party i had .
still !
i slap myself gently , and pull myself together .
no time like the present to get started .
whistling , i throw on some worn clothes , and head down the stairs .
the shovel blindsided me .
i awoke with a start .
there was cloth over my face , covering my eyes , gagging my mouth .
i struggled in panic , the cuffs digging into my wrists .
from somewhere within the room came a voice , one with barely contained glee .
` ` i ' m gon na enjoy this . ''
the knives dug into my skin , and i screamed .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- i awoke with a start , sweat sticking the covers to my skin .
i shudder , and shudder , and shudder , tears streaming down my face .
i gag , breathing hard , barely able to move .
the clock caught my eye .
8:00 am .
i have to move .
i sprint out of bed , stumbling down the stairs in panic , slamming to walls , just moving , moving , moving .
i reach the bottom of the floors and stare ... and laugh .
just laugh , and laugh and laugh !
he looks up in fear , only one pair of cuffs yet undone .
i laugh , laugh at his face , laugh at the fear in his eyes , and laugh at the world , for giving me this .
i grab those utensils , with which i had first carved his skin , and then him mine .
` ` god does n't love me ... ''
i stab a screwdriver into his leg , relishing in his screams ` ` but he seems to hate you more . ''
he stood alone as an island amidst a stream of people crying out all at once in fear .
men in business suits .
a women desperately fumbling with a baby 's carriage while trying to navigate the mass of people moving without heed of her .
a lone child with salt stained cheeks following the crowd aimlessly , doing the only thing he could without his parents and knowing that some unavoidable threat awaited if he did not move .
the air smelled sour of smoke and the wind chased the crowd down alumn avenue .
and yet he was the only one who held his ground , and the people passed by him completely unaware of his presence .
all moving as if some predator was chasing them down in their panic to escape the inevitable .
it was there looking into the wind that he saw a great winged shadow rise above him prickling every hair to goosebumps as if his body understood what his mind refused to acknowledge .
his eyes opened to the afternoon sun accompanied by the buzzing terrestrial cicadas that colonized in the brown palmed leafed monroe bushes served as a decorative frame of the perimeter fences .
slowly he sat up accidentally pulling too hard on an iv patch that was affixed to his forearm .
on the first day i created the lands and the seas .
i created the forests and the mountains , the deserts and the tundra .
i was young then and new to my power .
i saw all and the horizon stretched far in all directions .
then the people came and with them creatures of the field .
the people took up tools and burrowed deep into the earth , climbed high to the mountain tops and sailed the wide oceans .
they plundered my creation and built great dwellings with what they found .
with them too came the shadow on the world and monsters in the dark places .
the dwellings of the people became defenses against the monsters and mighty battles caused rents in the world and for the first time i could not see all
and i knew the limits of my power and the horizon grew nearer .
i watched as the people died only to be reborn .
fought amongst themselves and died again .
i saw the land stripped of its beauty as they went ever deeper and without a care for the ugly scars they were leaving on the world .
my world .
the horizon is very close now .
i can not see all they have built , it is too much , too chaotic for one as old as i. i can not hold the memories any longer , it is too painful , too much .
i know what i am , what they are , and for a long while it was enough , but i think i will sleep now
and i will not awake .
end .
the police are here , and i ' m worried .
my little brother 's just been born .
i heard he was a brother , anyway .
i have n't seen my parents .
the kind young nurse with the heavy makeup came in and told me that i had a little brother .
my dad shot up at that .
ran down the hall .
he wanted to find out , same as me .
he wanted to read the death note .
everyone , once they 're born , gets a death note .
they print it out right there at the hospital .
the death note is always right .
for parents , it 's the most important part of the birth .
my mom was so happy , she said , to see that i was going to die at 82 of pneumonia .
she said 82 was a nice ripe old age , and there were things worse than pneumonia .
her own best friend had a young boy whose death note read ` ` drunk driver , 2011 . ''
the young boy was my age , but my mom did n't let me play with him .
did n't want me growing attached .
mom 's friend , the boy 's parent , moved away to northern california after reading that death note and protected her boy right up until she let him play with friends down the street on a sunday evening and , well , there 's nothing else to say except the death notes are always right .
they have a crime division dedicated to stopping murders based on the death notes , but they all end in self - fulfilling prophecies .
the death notes are always right no matter what you do .
i ' m holding my own laminated death note right now , running my fingers down the tight plastic edges .
` ` pneumonia . 2081 . ''
such a long way away .
some people think death notes are scary but there 's a good comfort to them when you 're young .
the waiting room is empty , i just realized .
there 's some hubbub down the hall , a few shouts .
i hope my little brother is okay .
i hope my mom is okay .
* what if the note said sids , 2014 ?
*
i get goosebumps at the thought .
sids is the worst on parents , i heard someone once say .
the police are headed down the hall , same way my father went .
` ` nurse , '' i call .
` ` no one 's been arrested , '' says the kind young nurse with the heavy makeup .
` ` it 's just the crime prevention program . ''
` ` crime prevention ? ''
it does n't make sense .
` ` my dad 's not a criminal . ''
` ` not for your dad , '' the kind young nurse says .
then she leaned forward , her thin lips stretched in a hard frown .
` ` i ' m not sure i ' m the one to talk to .
can i get you something instead ? ''
` ` no thank you . ''
she leaves , her rushed footsteps clicking hard on the cold hospital floor .
` ` are you james armstead ? ''
someone asks me .
i nod .
he walks in .
he 's not a nurse .
not a doctor .
he looks like a detective from the movies , wearing a brown trench coat and a tie and a badge , but his face is kind and wrinkled over with hard concern .
` ` son , '' he says .
` ` it was n't for your father .
it was for your brother 's protection . ''
` ` what did the death note say ? ''
` ` i ... ca n't tell you that , son . ''
my dad is back from down the hall , his eyes red and wet .
he sits next to me with a nervous energy i ' ve never seen from him , and he pats me on the knee , meaning to be reassuring .
` ` it 's all right , '' he says .
it 's not reassuring .
` ` it 's all right . ''
` ` what did the note say ? ''
i ask .
dad looks at the detective , then back at me .
` ` it 's ... ''
` ` ... not for your young ears . ''
the detective has a warm , but disingenuous smile .
` ` can i see her ? ''
i ask .
` ` no , '' the detective jumps in .
` ` she 's being monitored . ''
` ` monitored ?
what 's wrong ?
is she all right ?
where 's my brother ? ''
my dad was nearly in tears .
` ` he 's in the little -- the room with all the babies .
separated . ''
` ` why is n't he with mom ? ''
` ` he ca n't be , '' my dad said .
my stomach sinks .
* mom 's hurt .
mom 's dying .
*
people their age , though , they do n't have death notes , so we ca n't be sure .
dad 's face wrinkles up , reddens , like he 's about to erupt with tears , but before he does he leaves , wiping his eyes on his sleeve .
he ca n't even look at me .
the detective 's gone after him .
i do n't know my way around the hospital , but no one 's paying any attention to me , so i find my own way down the halls .
i look for the rooms with the babies , the one dad was talking about , only i do n't see them .
finally there 's a big room with babies in little clear cribs that has each of their death notes out in the open , just to read .
` ` esophageal cancer , 2099 . ''
` ` car accident , 2050 . ''
` ` heart disease , 2089 . ''
most are like that .
some are oddly specific .
` ` falls in the bathroom , brain swelling , 2039 . ''
then i see my brother .
he 's got my name , anyhow .
` ` john lucas armstead .
` ` 7 pounds , 9 ounces .
` ` drowned by mother , 2014 . ''
ansel wronski urged his mount around using just his legs , his hand reaching down to ready another javelin from the leather bucket hanging from his saddle horn .
the tough ash shaft smacked into his steerhide gaunlets , the razor steel catching the light of the afternoon sun .
he turned his head -the helm he wore limited peripheral vision - and readied his four foot long throwing spear , cocking it back so that the blade nearly kissed his ear .
his foe turned his steed around not nearly so neat , cursing at the javelin embedded some three inches in the surface of his rounded shield .
it was painted black with a rearing horse in white .
the enemy himself was well to do by their standards with a boiled leather cuirass covered in old washer rings and a helm the ancient world called a ' fritz ' helmet , no doubt a precious heirloom passed down in the five decades since the change .
he carried a light lance some eight feet long , a small pennant attached just below the lance head snapped as he whipped it around to face ansel .
his young face revealed a few chipped teeth as he snarled , spewing spittle stained by tobacco .
` ` fuckin ' lakelander ! ''
he kicked his mount forward , shoving the reins between his teeth as he leveled his lance at ansel .
wronski 's eyes were set with grim determination as he raised his shield to answered his foe 's charge .
* ''
cumberland !
cumberland !
` ` * shouted the highlander , lance flashing in the light .
* ''
wolverines !
` ` * replied ansel , his aim steady despite the thunder beneath his legs , his sweat soaking into his gambeson .
he threw his weapon with all his might with perhaps thirty feet between them , the javelin a blur as it flew true , the leaf shaped blade piercing a thick washer and the hardened leather underneath to dig into his foe 's shoulder .
* * * crraackkk ! ! !
* * * the enemy lance impacted against his tear shaped shield , gouging a deep splinter that flew wildly away , the lance breaking under the momentum .
ansel was thrown back into his saddle , his head rolling back as near a ton and half of man and steed was driven into one narrow point .
he felt dripping from his nose and tasted iron in his mouth , no doubt having bit his tongue .
his mind revolted against action but he clamped down on it , the danger of a concussion less urgent than potential and rather immediate iron poisoning .
he drew his saber from its sheath with a hiss of steel on leather , the rawhide wrapped round its hilt stained with sweat .
his foe was decidedly less well off , the mountain man cursing a blue streak as he threw away the useless broken lance .
gripping the javelin just behind the blade he yanked it out of his shoulder , a strangled scream as the air reached the wound .
blood flowed from the hole in his armor , not enough to be lethal but just enough to weaken him .
he knew that as well and so grabbed a hold of his ' shete , waving above his head as he gave a catamount shriek and kicked his horse forward again .
ansel followed suit , blade extended as far as he could reach .
* ''
huzzah !
huzzah !
` ` * he cried as steel met with steel in a spray of sparks .
the pair circled around one another , their blades biting shield or glancing sword but not flesh .
a back handed swipe clang off of ansel 's chain mail shirt , scraping a thin bright line across its surface as his saber sliced off an edge of his foe 's shield .
beneath them their horses snorted and kicked , their hooves churning up even more dust into the air .
the clansman had at least fifty pounds on ansel but could n't use it to his advantage , his wound soaking his undershirt red .
it was his shield arm that was hurt and ansel focused on that side , slashing in every direction and forcing his foe to tire himself shifting his shield all around .
it did n't take long for the six or seven pound shield to fell like thirty , and bit by bit his blocks were just that more sluggish , the wince in his face deeper and deeper .
ansel saw his chance and slashed with a flick of his wrist , forcing the enemy horseman to moved his shield just slightly to the left to block it .
it was enough .
with the same wrist action he flick it over his helmeted head and across the now unguarded right side of his foe , the first four inches of his curved blade catching the highlander in the jaw .
teeth were shattered in their sockets as his cheek was slashed through , the blade also cutting through the chin strap of his helmet which toppled to the dusty ground .
he screamed even louder than before , dropping both blade and shield to clench at his ruined face .
ansel did not allow him even a moment 's respite , and hacked down viciously with his saber , the wet blade rising and falling like a cleaver .
washers were broken in two as his leather armor cracked , shoulder blade was broken under the bludgeoning even as the blade sunk itself deep into his enemy 's neck .
the man died still clutching his face , toppling from his panicking horse and onto the ground .
ansel spat on the dead man in mocking salute , giving him the finger as he circled the body .
` ` when you get to hell , tell 'em a michigander sent ya ! ''
raindrops patter against the façade of wendelton manor .
inside , an anxious and dapper group of guests has packed itself around the parlor .
plates of hors d ’ oeuvres quickly pass from hand to hand and nervous chatter abounds .
in time , jennings enters .
standing straight and tall , he announces in his booming voice , “ ahem .
may i present mr. sinclair ” .
the crowd collectively sucks in their breath as a rotund gentleman in a top - hat and tails smoothly enters the room .
mr. gilroy emerges from the kitchen , himself dressed in a fine tuxedo and leaning on a mahogany cane .
“ ah , mr. sinclair .
my heart lifts to know that you are able to grace us with your presence . ”
“ not at all , mr. gilroy .
it is my pleasure and my duty . ”
mr. gilroy turns to address the crowd , which hangs on every word in the exchange .
“ my friends , as you undoubtedly know since you are all gathered here , mr. sinclair and i have some business to settle this evening .
you may have heard rumors about town involving myself and mr. sinclair .
some nasty business regarding unpaid debts , i believe ? ”
“ unpaid debts ?
you slept with my wife ! ”
“ surely the details are immaterial at this stage .
the point , ladies and gentlemen , is that we have agreed to settle our differences in the traditional manner . ”
the crowd cheers , and one woman in the tightest of corsets requires resuscitation after fainting .
“ as i believe this soiree is just taking wing , let us keep this brief .
one verse each ; four lines .
the crowd shall decide the winner .
the loser is to concede $ 100.00 and accept full responsibility for causing this so - called feud .
agreed , sinclair ? ”
“ agreed . ”
“ excellent .
then as my guest , you are entitled to lead .
and lead you shall ! ”
mr. gilroy flourishes and raucous cheering and clapping follow .
the crowd clears a space in the center of the room for mr. sinclair to take the traditional stance .
mr. sinclair puts his left leg forward and pulls his right leg far back behind him into a lunging position .
he keeps both arms glued to his sides .
he waits the customary thirty seconds as the crowd reduces to silence .
he begins : gilroy , you have slighted me ungraciously .
your acts have made my eyes tear and my ears ring .
i can not fathom how else i can make you see , that my lovely young wife is not a plaything !
mr. sinclair morphs his stance into a deep bow directed toward mr. gilory .
the revelers are beside themselves – this is the finest and most skillful wordplay most have ever beheld .
tightly wound women are fainting left and right .
sweat beads form on gilroy ’ s forehead .
his eyes dart around the room , seemingly looking for an exit .
his sight catches jennings ’ , and his pulse immediately lowers .
“ wonderful , sinclair .
truly first - class work .
now i must take my position in the center . ”
mr. gilroy takes mr. sinclair ’ s spot and sets himself into the delivery stance .
“ oh , and jennings ?
wheel in luanne and symphony no . 30 . ”
moans of confusion break out as jennings retreats into a side closet .
he promptly emerges with a gramophone and a record .
patrons , and especially mr. sinclair , are nonplussed and irate .
all gazes are fixed on jennings and his contraption as he parks it next to mr. gilroy in the center of the room .
“ ladies and gentlemen , i shall begin . ”
mr. gilroy places the record on the gramophone , lets it play for a few seconds , then pulls it backwards with his hand resulting in a loud scratching noise .
party - goers are quick to cover their ears , and some of the weaker women begin to scream .
mr. sinclair is transfixed .
mr. gilroy continues to pull the record backward and forward as he speaks : my name is gilroy
and i ’ m here to say , i have done nothing wrong today .
i ’ d rather go out and eat some hay .
sometimes i also like to play !
mr. gilroy finishes his thoughts and scratches his record a few more times before contorting into a deep bow .
the crowd is stunned for a moment , then begins to boo lustily .
those closer to mr. gilroy begin to jostle him .
jennings cowers in a corner .
just as the crowd turns toward violence , mr. sinclair takes the center and demands attention .
“ everyone .
everyone !
this contest is over .
congratulations , gilroy . ”
mr. sinclair produces a $ 100 bill and crams it into the still - bowing mr. gilroy ’ s hand .
he abruptly turns and leaves the parlor and the manor , never to be seen again .
* * * grandmaster flash finishes reading the passage , gets up , and throws his book in the trash .
“ bullshit ” , he mutters .
this kitchen is too small for me now , thought franco , looking over his squalid home .
everything had changed for him after he came in contact with the glow .
it had shown him the truth of his existence , his potential , his knowledge that he could become one with the universe .
the other roaches did n't listen , they called him mad .
said that he 'd been eating too many of those funky mushrooms in the back yard .
he 'd show them , he 'd make it out there in that big wide world .
he 'd drawn up his plan .
he was to hitch a ride on the next delivery truck , jump off at the train crossing near the packing plant he 'd been tipped off to by the local moths and then ride the rails to the city .
the world was his kitchen then , nothing could stop him showing the world what this roach could do .
he kissed his wife and child goodbye , tears in their antennae as he explained to them his mission .
the glow had given him direction and purpose and the restaurant kitchen in the back of beyond was just holding him back .
they pleaded , saying that he belonged here , these thoughts were just a mid - roach crisis .
he ignored them , the glow was right and he must go .
franco waved his colony goodbye and left the only home he had known .
a boot crashed through the heavens , sending franco straight to nirvana .
all his hopes and dreams , his potential a lie by that demon glow .
his killer lingered over franco , readying for another stomp .
' fucking roaches . '
thank you all for coming .
as you know , the xo have come from a far away galaxy and we are finally able to communicate with them by letting them use 8 year old suzie matthews as a conduit .
after an hour of communication , i have come up with a statement from the xo via suzie .
` ` citizens of earth .
we are here to take over your planet unless this simple demand is met .
we , the xo , demand one million snack times worth of cookies .
there will be no negotiation . ''
our people are currently on the phone with the oreo company and keebler .
` ` i cast magic missile ! ''
everyone looked in michael 's direction .
three blank stares and one face buried in frustrated hands , not for the first time that evening .
` ` what ?
why is n't it working ? ''
michael said .
` ` i said , ' i cast magic missile ! ' ''
the warrior at the head of the pack , scott , said , ` ` you do n't have magic missile , dude . ''
` ` yeah , '' agreed lisa , the dwarven barbarian .
` ` i want to cast magic missile . ''
` ` you ca n't , '' said the entire party at once .
` ` why not ? ''
` ` i ' m going to get a beer .
anyone else want one ? ''
said joanna , the wizard , seeing that this was going to take a while .
` ` do n't let him touch my magic missile . ''
` ` rogues ca n't cast magic missile , michael , '' said tony , the dungeon master .
` ` why not ?
here , i 'll roll for initiative , '' said michael , scooping up the dice and letting them fly across the tabletop .
` ` bam , forty !
i cast magic missile and absolutely wreck these trolls . ''
` ` they 're goblins , mike . ''
` ` shut up , tony .
i * know * they 're goblins . ''
` ` then why did you say ...
oh , nevermind .
you pass your initiative test , hold out your hand to cast magic missile , and ... '' ...
michael could almost * taste * the sear on those tasty little goblin steaks ... ` ` ... nothing happens . ''
` ` uh , wha -- '' ` ` because you ca n't cast magic missile because you 're a * rogue * , mike . ''
joanna came back with a frosty cold beer .
` ` hey , where 's my beer , jo ? '' asked scott .
` ` probably in the fridge , waiting for you to say you want one when i asked if anyone wanted a beer .
is it my turn yet ? ''
` ` yeah , '' said tony , passing her the dice .
` ` wait , it 's still my turn , '' said michael , reaching for the dice that joanna snatched up just before his fingers got to them .
` ` no , you tried to cast magic missile and failed .
because you 're a rogue .
and rogues ca n't cast magic missile . ''
` ` that 's not fair , tony .
i did n't get to cast my magic missile . ''
` ` yes , you did , '' said lisa , ` ` it just did n't work because -- '' ` ` no , this is n't fair .
if tony was n't going to let me cast magic missile with a perfect roll , then i want to take my turn again . ''
` ` no , he already rolled , '' said scott .
` ` yeah , '' agreed lisa .
` ` this is the last room , and i ' ve got to work in the morning .
let 's just wrap this up . ''
` ` i ' m going to cast -- '' ` ` no , wait !
tony , you 're the dungeon lord -- '' ` ` * master !
* ''
the other party members shouted at once .
` ` ok , fine , dungeon master -- whatever -- you 're the dungeon mastery thingy guy .
should n't you decide ? ''
everyone looked at tony , sitting behind the dm screen with a poker face to rival lady gaga .
he did not respond at first , apparently deep in thought .
` ` ok , i ' ve made my decision .
michael , '' tony said , every head swiveling to follow his gaze .
` ` i have decided , and the ruling on the table is : you already rolled , you ca n't cast magic missile because you 're a rogue , and it 's joanna 's turn .
jo , what 's your -- '' ` ` this is * bullshit * , '' shouted michael , jumping up from the table and nearly knocking over his half - full glass of mountain dew .
` ` i quit . ''
michael stormed out of the room .
they heard the door slam at the bottom of the stairs .
then the sound of a car starting out front .
` ` did he really just leave ? ''
asked scott .
` ` what an infant ! ''
` ` who cares !
let 's just play .
i ' ve got ta work in the morning , '' said lisa .
` ` ok , it 's still your turn , jo , '' tony said .
joanna raised the dice in her hand .
` ` i cast magic missile ! ''
the place looked nice enough , and affordable .
it 's easy to relocate , when you have little personal belongings .
the landlord said that the previous owner had even left their robot maid behind - what luck !
life is really starting to look good for me .
after the implementation of basic income , all jobs were given to robot workers , so us humans do n't even have to do anything anymore .
i thought i 'd spend my time on painting , or perhaps sculpting .
- ` ` identify yourself ! ''
- a raspy monotone voice boomed .
i have to say , i was terrified .
i knew there was a robot maid left behind , but this thing ...
it does n't even have any arms or legs .
how is it supposed to mop the floor or cook me breakfast ?
- ` ` identify ! ''
- ` ` all right , all right ! ''
i frantically responded .
` ` i ' m the new tenant , i just moved in here .
what is your name ? ''
- ` ` we do not have names ! ''
- ` ` whoa , calm down there .
why are you so intense all the time ? ''
i guess it was an older model , their hardware does not support the emotional rapport algorithms .
no wonder it was left behind .
- ` ` i am not , intense ! ''
- ` ` but you certainly are . ''
- ` ` explain !
explain ! ''
- ` ` well , your voice is kinda hard on the hearing .
you know , i should take you to the institution , where the doctors will upgrade your hardware so ... ''
- ` ` doctor ? ! ''
- ` ` yes , the doctors will ... '' - ` ` doctor , who ? !
doctor , who ? ! ''
- ` ` well , i do n't personally know their name , but you do n't have to fear , the upgrade is completely painless .
just dislodge a couple of screws with the driver and ... ''
- ` ` exterminate !
exterminate ! ''
at this point , getting lasers shot at me was the least of what i expected .
what the hell is wrong with this damn thing .
no wonder the previous tenant ...
my thought was stopped in its ' tracks , as i was pulverized .
i guess that 's why they have difficulties finding tenants for this apartment .
tom meandered through the pages of a considerably worn magazine .
the stereotypical red sports car on the cover was a welcome sight after sifting through a rack of pastel colors and pink font .
each passing page seemed to fan his frustration .
despite his rampant cynicism before the diagnosis , tom had come to redefine the word in recent weeks .
the images that once brought him wonder as a child now laughed in his face .
he would never own any these cars .
he flipped a few more pages ahead .
he found himself looking at a tired ` ` zoom - zoom '' mazda advertisement , and he curled his lip in disgust .
he suddenly grew a frightening distain for the marketing executive that approved branding their new technologies ` ` skyactiv '' .
after a brief research on his smartphone revealed the technology had nothing to do with solar panels or the sky , the anger he felt for leaving off the ` ` e '' seemed microscopic .
it was these fits of rage he thought responsible for his cancer , and in his mind they were unavoidable given the suffocating stupidity of his common man .
a rectangular piece of cardstock slipped from the adjacent pages and quickly floated to floor .
before he could pick it up , his name was called over the loudspeaker .
he defiantly left the magazine on the seat of his chair , dismissed the fallen cardstock , and walked with swagger toward the displeased nurse that was awaiting him .
they went down a long hall , and he was ushered into a room on the left .
he motioned toward the cushioned bench that was lined with a sheet of paper , but as the nurse closed the door he turned to the chair that sat against the wall below a poster of a cross - sectioned eye .
he smiled and relished at his continued defiance .
the sense of control comforted him and eased his temper .
finally there was a knock , and the immediate entrance of an old man in a white coat .
the man 's mustache was silver and coarse , his eyebrows wispy and overgrown .
a pair of designer frames sat upon his wrinkled nose .
with a sudden reminder that this man could possibly save his life , tom straightened up and submissively repositioned himself to the patient bench .
the doctor did n't speak .
` ` thank you for seeing me on such short notice . ''
tom said breaking the silence .
the doctor replied in a curious voice that almost sounded sarcastic , ` ` well , i heard you urgently needed a second opinion .
i was also told that you have cancer , and needed an appointment right away . ''
tom smirked and chuckled under his breath .
` ` i suppose that 's what all your patients say ? ''
the old man tilted his head .
` ` no .
in fact you 're the first . ''
tom felt slightly embarrassed .
` ` so do you wear contacts or glasses ? ''
the doctor asked .
` ` neither , it 's lung cancer .
my eyes are fine . ''
the doctor paused a moment .
` ` ahh , i see . ''
he paused another moment while tom waited anxiously .
the doctor leaned in and spoke in a soft voice as if he were about to divulge a deep secret .
` ` the cure for cancer has been discovered , but it 's not exactly ethical . ''
tom felt intrigue course through his veins .
to hell with ethics he thought , this was life or death .
certainly a cure would n't involve some type of blood sacrifice .
he could care less about the doubts of a medical ethics panel .
` ` tell me more ! ''
he exclaimed nearly falling off the bench .
the doctor paused and with a serious tone he uttered , ` ` you must carry out the sacrifice of a virgin , and she must be exactly half your age . ''
tom could n't believe his ears .
it was as if the doctor was listening to his thoughts .
` ` blood sacrifice of a virgin ? !
you ca n't be serious ? ''
the doctor 's expression washed away and he replied , ` ` no , i ' m not .
nor am an oncologist . ''
the optometrist stood up and reached for his wallet .
he removed a white business card and tossed it on the floor .
` ` however , dr. hammond is quite respected in that field .
i suggest you make an appointment with her .
put your magazine back on the way out . ''
he left the room and closed the door .
a highly disciplined martial arts expert and a drunk with scurvy , an eye - patch and a wooden leg walk into a bar .
suddenly , the drunk starts swearing incoherently .
he then develops a rusty knife from his stinking coat .
a laughable attempt at a swing is made , but misses the face of the dark stranger by a foot .
the drunk , still trying to regain his balance , looks down to where a throbbing pain emanates .
he sees a blade protruding from his chest ; motionless as if it 's always been there .
the room starts to spin .
his wide - eyed stare follows the shiny metal , a slender arm .
just before everything goes black , he meets the gaze of dark , unflinching eyes .
did he see pity in them ?
` ` i ' m in a glass case of emotion ! ''
cameron cried .
the mental institution was in uproar after cameron 's mental breakdown .
` ` pardon my french but cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass , in two weeks you 'd have a diamond , '' murmured one of the other patients .
` ` shock therapy , it 's the only way to calm him down . ''
the doctor was referring to the long banned practice that almost had the mental asylum shut down in the past .
` ` surely you ca n't be serious ! ''
` ` i am serious .
and do n't call me shirley . ''
cameron was hooked up to the shock therapy machine .
` ` should i set it to 10 doc ? ''
one of the nurses asked .
` ` these go to 11 . ''
the switch was set , electricity ran through the apparatus .
` ` ahhhhhhhh kelly clarkson , '' cameron screamed .
` ` one more time . ''
` ` but doctor ... ''
` ` we are on a mission from god . ''
the nurse set the switch again .
this time cameron did not scream , in fact he was silent .
` ` i just sharted ...
i tried to fart and a little shit came out .
i just sharted . ''
` ` one more time , it 's worth the price . ''
the nurse could n't take it anymore .
she stood up and punched the doctor square in the face .
` ` the price is wrong , bitch . ''
john peered outside of the small window to the side of his door to confirm that it was the police .
he had heard about what was happening on the news , and had been feeling utter dread ever since .
he knew they would come for him .
the saddest part was that he didn ’ t even write anymore .
he had given up ages ago .
how could anyone have even known what they had done ?
he opened the door .
in front of him stood two officers .
one was tall with intense eyes , the other short and stocky .
the tall one made him seem even shorter .
“ mr. kelly ? ”
the taller officer inquired .
“ yes , that ’ s me . ”
the officer removed his hat , “ if you ’ d allow us to come in , we need to talk . ”
we sat in my living room , i on my couch and the two officers seating themselves in chairs on the other side of my small coffee table .
“ how can i help you gentlemen ? ”
my voice fluttered slightly .
the shorter officer spoke up with a tinge of brooklyn in his voice , “ i ’ m officer carmine , and this is my partner officer barnes .
i ’ m sure you ’ ve heard about recent discoveries on the news . ”
“ yes . ”
“ it ’ s come to our attention that you are involved , ” he placed a thick stack of papers on the table , “ this is your portfolio . ”
“ look , i- “ “ mr. kelley , ” officer barnes interjected , “ we ’ re here to help you .
i ’ m going to ask you a few questions , and i ’ d like it if you answered them honestly . ”
i swallowed , “ okay .
may i ask what exactly has gotten me into trouble ? ”
“ of course , ” barnes picked the portfolio off of the table and opened to the first page , “ we ’ ll start here .
you wrote , ‘ susan grabbed his nuts forcefully , and smacked them with a paddle as though she were playing racquetball … ’ ”
the policemen looked up from the paper into my eyes , “ do you recall writing this ? ”
my throat went dry as memories of the things i had put on paper came rushing back to me , “ no , sir .
not particularly . ”
“ do you deny writing it ? ”
carmine questioned .
“ no sir . ”
“ alright then , ” barnes looked back down at my writings , “ let ’ s continue .
‘ he forcefully inserted the fornax into her b - hole , and activated the sex lasers . ’ ”
“ look , i was fourteen . ”
“ with cooperation we may be able to try you as a juvenile . ”
“ this is insane ! ”
i shouted .
barnes discretely placed a hand on his belt , “ let ’ s just stay calm now .
like i said , we ’ re here to help . ”
“ it ’ s just , ” i looked at both of the officers , exasperated and desperate , “ i wrote this stuff when i was a kid , and how could anyone have imagined what the consequences would be ? ”
carmine folded his hands , “ ignorance does not excuse what ’ s happened here . ”
“ * nothing * has happened here , ” i leaned in towards them , “ i wrote words on paper .
that ’ s * it * .
if i ’ m not under arrest , you two should leave . ”
“ just one last thing . ”
officer barnes began to turn to a page he had marked with a small yellow tab .
“ jesus chirst .
what now ? ”
“ i ’ ll read this one , ” carmine said , taking the book from barnes , “ he cranked the catapult back to maximum power , and fired .
this sent a ten ton bag of * dicks * directly into a bus full of retards .
everyone died ... ”
barns looked at his partner , “ that ’ s a hard ‘ r ’ . ”
“ hard ‘ r ’ . ”
he agreed .
both of the officers stared at me for what felt like a lifetime , their faces stone cold with seriousness .
barnes broke the silence .
“ you ’ re a sick puppy mr. kelly . ”
“ sick , ” his partner concurred , “ with this evidence , you will likely be tried as mentally ill . ”
i was in shock .
this wasn ’ t happening .
this was a nightmare and it wasn ’ t real .
“ … what ? ”
“ all of this is just the tip of the iceberg of what ’ s in this portfolio .
you belong in an institution sir . ”
i began to beg , “ no no
no no no !
listen i ’ m thirty four now .
i wrote that shit when i was a little kid ! ”
“ there ’ s an inordinate amount of anal play in these writings as well , ” barnes began , glancing at carmine who began picking through the tabs in the stack of paper , “ in fact you detail it specifically . ”
a single page was separated and placed on the table .
carmine slid it across to my side with his fingers .
it was an author ’ s note … something i had never used but vaguely remember giggling about .
i picked up the paper .
in black print , there it was .
* ”
my writings contain a myriad of examples of butt crimes , for which there is no stature of limitation . ”
*
the two officers stood up .
jay barnes tucked his fingers into his belt and began , “ well mr. kelly , you are under arrest for innumerable butt crimes against your fellow man , ” cuffs clacked around my wrists , “ you have the right to remain silent .
anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .
you have the right to an attorney .
if you can not afford an attorney one will be provided for you .
understanding your rights , is there anything you would like to say to me ? ”
` ` ... no '' i never saw the light of day again …
` ` but who is my neighbour , jesus ? ''
jesus replied , ` ` a gamer was playing a first - person shooter when he was pwned by an enemy grenade , left with only 2 hp .
a leet noscoper came along , and when he saw the critically injured player he passed him by .
similarly , another player came across him and passed by without helping .
but then a lvl1 n00b saw that the player was low on health and gave him a health kit and some ammo .
which of these was a neighbour to the gamer ? ''
the lawyer said , ` ` the one who showed him mercy . ''
and jesus said , ` ` go and do likewise . ''
` ` he 's baiting us ... ''
he ashed the cigarette aggressively while his partner pinched his nose .
both men were running off three shots of pure espresso , two red bulls , and 30 minutes of sleep .
` ` you think i do n't realize that , tom ?
what is this , 3 cyber attacks ? !
we may as well give him the fucking codes to the nuclear arsenal ! ''
tom glared at his partner venomous and forced himself up to stretch .
18 hours of surveillance and not a damn clue to go off .
this son of a bitch had one hell of a smokescreen , and the attacks were getting more worrisome .
the first instance had been fairly minor , hacking into the bank accounts of a few politicians in congress and rerouting the money to several foreign bank accounts .
however , this most recent left him breaking out into a cold sweat , dreading what could possibly be next ...
this hacker , code named ` ` black widow '' , had managed to completely overwrite the security program to the cia 's database of suspected terrorists .
they not only wiped out the original files , but replaced them with encrypted files loaded with viruses that were spreading to other important data bases .
whatever criminal organization behind this was a dangerous and terrifying threat to national security , and everybody knew it ...
the media had consumed this story , and some liberal assholes were worshiping this ` ` black widow '' as some kind of anarchist god who was ` ` really sticking it to the man ! ''
idiots ... ` ` tom , look ! ''
tom 's head shot up and he ran back to the monitors , staring in awe at the sudden arrangement of 0 's and 1 ' s. they filled all 20 of the glowing screens on the wall and gradually morphed into the unmistakable shape of a human face .
both men leapt back from their chairs , recoiling in shock as the face began to move its eyes , as if watching them .
` ` little insects ... ''
the face taunted , its voice a distorted mass of computerized audio files .
` ` it is almost feeding time ... ''
the screen flickered violently , the image distorting and temporarily reshaping into a bright red , hour - glass shape made out of binary .
` ` shit , shit , shit ! ''
tom chorused as he scrambled back to the keyboard , frantically typing in commands to try and find the source of this breach .
a loud , high - pitched screeching sound erupted from the speakers , nearly bursting their ear drums .
tom refused to relent , continuing to pound furiously at the keyboard .
he wrote string after string of code , desperately trying to regain control and cut off the attack .
despite managing to pull up ports to the network , all of the code was laced with numerous bugs that did not lead to any ip addresses of any kind .
sweat began to bead at his brow as he hunted frantically and tried to block out the relentless screeching around him .
his head pounded from the noise and his hands grew clammy , but he refused to give up as his partner desperately tried to at least knock out the speakers .
he suddenly caught sight of a port with a different code than any of the programs used by the fbi .
it was disguised brilliantly , almost identical to the port used to run the fbi 's surveillance programs .
however , he caught a slight discrepancy in the name : tcp omicron : 15760 - 890i proxy.serv.eng.sq 4857 established .
` ` an i instead of a 1 ?
that 's how they got past us ? ! ''
he snorted before immediately attacking the port to hunt down an ip address and a hostname .
as he obtained the data , he quickly moved into the server and began to reactive firewalls to slow the progress of the virus as he began to delete the corrupted code from their database .
` ` almost got it ! ''
he shouted over all of the noise , feeling unbelievably elated as his system began to turn up the ip address .
however , his excitement was short lived as an electrical surge suddenly pulsed through the entire system .
a spark erupted from the edge of the screens and he flinched back , staring helplessly as they all faded to black in the blink of an eye .
the noise stopped .
everything was completely still and quiet .
` ` ... tom ? ''
he stood there , completely shell shocked .
it had been right there ... right there ...
tom sank to his knees , clenching his fists to his sides .
` ` it ... it was right there ... ''
he mumbled in a daze , staring up at the dark ceiling .
` ` right there ... ''
~*~ ` ` daisy , dinner time ! ''
` ` coming ! ''
she closed her bright pink macbook with a smile on her face .
the little seven - year old set the computer down on her white , wooden desk , next to her favorite rapunzel doll , and skipped out of her room .
her parents were both sitting at the table while her brother played some kind of racing game on his ds .
she took her seat and her mom served her some pork chops and macaroni with her usual , sweet smile .
` ` so honey , what did you do today ? ''
her father asked .
and daisy answered , as she always did , with a sweet little shrug and smile .
` ` i played with my new friend ! ''
` ` you mean the imaginary one , honey ? ''
` ` his name is tom ! ''
she chirped with a beaming smile as she innocently ate some macaroni .
` ` ah , tom the cat ? ''
her dad asked and daisy giggled .
` ` silly daddy .
tom is the mouse
and i ' m the cat ! ''
her parents both laughed and shrugged off her comment , while daisy ate her dinner with a devious smile , silently pondering her next game of cat and mouse ...
* * room 203 * * * ''
lawrence has gone missing ! ! !
` ` * martha came running down the hallway , screaming at the top of her lungs .
i had just finished a double shift at the hospital and was looking forward to taking off my shoes and falling asleep to yet another episode of law and order .
more than just a guilty pleasure , it was the only thing i found i could watch that helped me forget about whatever catastrophe greeted me in er .
i opened my door , instinctively headed towards my kitchen cabinet and opened up a can of tuna .
it had started off by accident , i had left a pizza out by the window one day and awoke to find this cat feasting away at it .
i tried to shoo it but it would n't move it just stared at me , its eyes scared the living daylights out of me but the more i stared at them the more i saw .
in a strange way it was like its eyes contained the universe and if you looked hard enough , beyond the black hole that was its pupils you could spot brilliant super nova and distant worlds .
i know i sound crazy , but ever since then i ' ve been putting food out for edward just so we can get those faint moments where he looks up at me
and i get to stare into those eyes .
* * room 207 * * * '' lawrence ! ! ! ,
oh dr smith have you seen lawrence anywhere ?
` ` * * ''
martha , i do n't know who lawrence is
and frankly i ' m too tired to care ... now excuse me '' *
oh my gosh , did that jackass just slam the door in poor martha 's face .
i swear he thinks he 's the best thing to happen to this tiny floating rock since sliced bread .
also i should probably point out that he is n't even a real doctor .
i ' m the only one with a phd on this floor , it would be the whole building if it was n't for that guy who has a doctorate in english up on the 7th floor .
but i mean come on english , i did n't need to go to university before i could read books and understand what authors were trying to say .
i should n't even be here , i only accepted the lecturing post at nyu because caltech would n't dream of giving a chair to a real woman .
not one of those kaftan wearing monstrosities they have on staff , but a genuine beautiful and smart woman like me .
oh boy here comes old lady blubber looking worried .
* ''
gina , have you seen lawrence ?
` ` * * ''
whose lawrence ? ` ` * * '' the cat , about this high and black all over .
i know we 're not supposed to keep pets
but i found him wondering around outside
and i took him ... ''
* * ''
you mean ophy .
` ` * * ''
you call lawrence ophy ,
oh that 's sweet ''
* * ''
no its not , its short for ophiocordyceps unilateralis '' *
she looks at me with the blankest smile i ' ve ever seen .
i hope my students are n't like this
but then again ... * ''
ophiocordyceps unilateralis is a fungus that enters an ants body and eats it from the inside out .
after a while it takes control of the ants body and makes it a zombie .
that s what pets are , they entice you with their fur and cuteness and then bam ! !
they take control of you .
` ` * * ''
oh not my lawrence , he 's a good cat '' *
this is going to take a while .
* * 210 * *
everyday the same routine .
tap the table 4 times .
1 ... 2 .. 3 ... 4 turn my head to the window 2 times from each side .
right 1 .. 2 left 1 .. 2
make sure all my fingers touch their opposite 's on my other hand .
1 .. 2 .. 3 .. 4 ..
oh no , my thumb missed .
again tap the table 4 times .
1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4 turn my head to the window 2 times from each side .
right 1 .. 2 left 1 ..
as i turn to the window i see his black silhouette against my curtains .
* ''
chester !
what are you doing by the window , its far too cold there come inside .
now you wait out there i need to open and close the window twice . ''
*
but before i can close the window he 's inside my apartment .
he never follows the rules and he does it on purpose . * ''
you 're a naughty boy chester , chester , chester , chester .
now come let me pet you '' *
right hand 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 4
left hand 1 ... 2 ... 3 ....
but before i finish he 's walked away .
he never follows the rules and he does it on purpose .
* ''
why do you never let me finish chester ... ''
* 7 letters , only 2 vowels even his name does n't follow the rules , its so normal in its disturbance .
he looks at me and i stare into his eyes .
i ' m lost , lost in another world again , a world where i ' m free .
this is why i let you break the rules .
* * 203 * * i ' ve gone through 2 episodes of law and order , where on earth is edward .
there 's a knock on my door i do n't want to get it
but i know i should .
i open the door
and i instantly regret it .
staring back at me is the hottie from 207 , looking amazing as usual .
* '' heeeeeey .. ''
* i say in an all too familiar tone , even though we ' ve never talked before .
oh gosh , i ' m not wearing pants .
* ''
hi , my name is dr gina marsh i ' m from 207 .
martha seems to have somehow convinced me to help her search for her lost cat ...
lawrence ''
* * '' edward ?
` ` * * ''
what ?
` ` * * ''
edward , i call him edward after the man who found the smallpox vaccine ` ` * why did i just say that .
* ''
interesting ... ummmm
mr ? ` ` * * ''
dr smith , but you can call me toby '' *
what the hell my name is n't even toby ! !
* ''
dr ?
of medicine i suppose .
where did you get it from .
` ` * * '' oxford , and you '' * * ''
biology , from stanford '' * * ''
oh , well no . 5 is n't that bad '' *
why am i insulting her .
* ''
no , no it is n't .
anyway i must go help martha '' *
* ''
yes , ummm would you like to get dinner some time '' *
* '' i 'll think about it '' *
* * hallway * * * '' lawrence!!!! ....
any luck gina '' * * '' no , not yet sorry '' * * ''
yes that dr smith was n't much of a help '' *
oh shut up martha , what do you know .
the man went to oxford .
maybe dr smith is n't all that bad , maybe i 'll have dinner with him .
i 'll break the rules ... just this once .
edit : formatting : )
some called me the grim reaper .
some called me lucifer .
some called me cursed .
in a sense , i was all of those things .
everyone i love dies .
everyone i touch dies .
this is my curse .
i lost my family .
i lost my friends .
i lost my dog .
everyone i ' ve ever loved had the same fate .
they all lost their lives to my touch .
this is my curse .
i live in solitude , away from all life .
i reside in a small house , made of trees felled by my fingers .
the food i grow withers in my hands .
i eat those slain by my touch .
i wear the same black cloak , to keep people away .
this is my curse .
no one knows of my true existence .
i am a legend , told to those who fear my likeness .
the bringer of death , they brand me .
to them , i am ' he who eats souls ' .
to me , they are correct .
the soul is the essence of life , something dear to all .
the soul , something taken by my touch .
the soul , taken by the reaper .
the reaper , that is me .
* this ... is my true curse .
*
this is who i am .
this is who i will always be .
the bearer of this curse , the true reaper .
* * * *
* more of my work at /r / picklestasteg00d !
i ’ ve landed myself in a fucked up situation and this is how i ’ m going to get out of it .
that is , i have a solution .
it comes in the form of a graphic designer sitting at my desk chair .
at gunpoint .
‘ go on , ’ i tell him .
‘ ask . ’
this is his fourth hour of work on the photos we took on my kitchen floor .
they look strange in original form .
one of them is me laying on the floor , limbs painfully sprawled in all direction ; another is a close - up of my face .
‘ ask what ? ’
he attempts to steady his words when answering my questions .
but the wavering of his voice , combined with the sweat patch stretching all down his back and torso , is telling .
this is just a kid .
straight from college , probably .
‘ why i ’ m asking you to do this . ’
the cursor stops on the screen .
‘ why are making me do this ? ’
he says and goes back to perfecting the gunshot wound on my forehead .
‘ i ’ ve had a bad day at work , kid .
i messed up .
majorly . ’
‘ what do you do ? ’
‘ i kill people . ’
he flinches .
‘ it ’ s alright , ’ i say .
‘ just keep working . ’
he returns to the artificially - made pool of blood around my head .
it ’ s weird seeing it on the screen … that ’ s what it must feel like for the ones who find the people i ’ m done with .
seeing someone they like or love in that state .
i know i don ’ t ever want to see myself like that again .
‘ you can probably figure out someone wants me dead , ’ i continue .
‘ i ’ ve been in this for sixteen years now and now i ’ ve messed up . ’
‘ how ? ’
i pause .
my hand tightens around the gun .
almost involuntarily .
‘ employer a knows me by name x … employer b knows me by name y … i ’ m not careful enough and a gets a lead on y , while b gets a lead on x. a wants y dead … ’ ‘ … b wants x dead . ’
‘ smart kid . ’
the words leaving my mouth , the release , it always feels good .
i grasp to any chance i get at honesty i can .
and this boy will pay the price for it .
any information on me — that ’ s a death sentence in itself .
and judging by his next words , i think he realises that .
‘ at least i ’ ll die knowing that i didn ’ t fuck up at life like that , ’ he utters , ‘ that people aren ’ t literally paying me to kill myself . ’
i don ’ t know why he felt the need to say it like that .
i really wish he hadn ’ t.
okay .
okay .
let 's do this .
a. [ wp ]
a man talks his way out of a hanging / execution with his last words .
b. [ wp ]
halfway through her wedding vows , the bride suddenly stops talking .
c. [ wp ]
the butler is not who he claims to be .
he has a cane , and he has a key .
d. [ ip ] [ this picture of a classic stage magic illusion is your prompt .
] ( http : //photos1.blogger.com / x / blogger/5804/2016/1600/717383 / pepper1cut.jpg ) e. [ cw ] three sentences only : write the best sci - fi or fantasy cliffhanger you can think of .
f. [ wp ] there is a person sitting at the dinner table that no one else seems to know is there , except for you .
g. [ wp ] you were injured and lost your right hand .
now you feel someone or something grabbing your phantom limb .
the big roadblock is that i ' m just not sure how to * word * the first chapter of the story i ' ve wished to write for so long .
in lieu of flowery prose , i present a transcript : -- -- - the protagonist wakes up , covered in blood and dirt .
he 's a courier who just survived an armed robbery , and he is now without his weapon , money , and missive he sought to deliver .
he takes a moment to get his bearings before tracking down the men who robbed him .
at this point i explain that in this world - nondescript and fairly medieval - fantasy , yet with somewhat of a modern atmosphere - the international courier 's line of work is a dangerous one ; the fact that it is considered * very * bad form to mug the guy who gives you your mail only serves to ensure the most depraved and brutal dare to do so .
because of this , these package deliverers are prone to shirking their work if they survive a robbery - often defying a company code of ethics in doing so - by merely * pretending * they tried to finish the delivery afterwards ; the way they see it , getting a stern reprimand is better than losing their life .
not this guy .
despite his painful , but not - quite - debilitating injuries , he follows the bandits ' trail of debauchery ( marked by footprints , discarded items , pillaged camps , etc . ) , having to tend to his wounds all the while .
through grit and determination , he finally reaches the aggressors .
this is the part where i illustrate that they 're immensely surprised he still dares to stand before them , let alone survived being left for dead on the side of the road .
a true combat pragmatist , the courier takes as much of an advantage from his foes ' shock and lack of coordination as possible , using agility and guile to kill this group of armed marauders despite entering the fight with only his fists .
he reclaims his lost items and travels to his nearly destination : the palace of a small nation , where a disheveled monarch waits for an important letter .
this occurs without incident - it 's the first chapter , so i figure starting with a bit of suspense and including just one brutal combat scene should be enough .
a man secretly hailing from this world 's most expansive kingdom and a woman clandestinely serving a mighty empire , unaware of one another 's presence , observe the courier with great interest as he makes his delivery .
the chapter ends as the courier awaits the haggard monarch 's reaction to the delivered missive .
-- -- - as you can see , there 's still a lot i have n't figured out .
` ` but mom , why are th- ''
` ` little one , i do n't know .
that 's just what they do ...
honey ? ''
` ` yes yes , of course , of course .
you see little one , some humans prefer living outside instead of inside .
that 's why we call them outsiders instead of insiders .
this creates wonderful opportunities for them ! ''
` ` but wh- ''
` ` what happens is-
wait , look closely !
you can see it from here !
their mane develops more fully , keeping them warm .
they 're able to move freely and live off the land , finding delicacies in and around every corner .
they rest where they see fit and sleep wherever they feel comfortable . ''
` ` right , i alr- ''
` ` and as they wander , they sometimes huddle together around fires to share stories of their journeys and trade treasures of their travels .
they are all quite fortunate , indeed !
do you understand ? ''
the little one lets out a sigh .
` ` but then why are those two fighting ? ''
the father hesitates for a moment , then clears his throat .
` ` some of them are territorial , of course !
look closely once again .
the smaller one walked by holding his choice of meal , and the larger one felt threatened by his presence .
because of this , the larger one demanded his meal as payment for the infringement , and the smaller one refused .
it 's all really quite simple .
you just have to pay attention to the details ! ''
the father points out the bedding in the alley .
` ` will they be okay , mom ? ''
` ` of course they wi- ''
` ` we do n't know , little one .
we just do n't know .
the insiders are slowly pushing the outsiders off of their land .
they have everything they need in abundance , except that their territory dwindles with each passing day , creating more and more strife and territorial friction .
there is no lack of them either , despite the insider majority , so they 'll need to hope their land does n't continue to be threatened . ''
the little ones ' eyes well up with tears .
` ` .. is there .. is there anything we can do , dad ? ''
` ` honey , i think that 's enou- '' ` ` no , son , i ' m afraid we ca n't help them .
all we can do is hope for their survival , and that they flourish in the future .
it will be a sad day when we ca n't witness them in their natural state ... ''
i never wanted to leave childhood .
i had heard others screaming as they were taken in the night .
we had never been told by the guardians where these children went .
all we got was a sad shake of the head and a time - out if we kept pestering them .
i always knew that someday i 'd have to go through all that too , but i chose to live in ignorance for too long .
i had hoped that i was special , that maybe i would be allowed to stay .
as my 13th birthday approached i held that hope .
i even prayed to a god that i hardly believed in .
the night of my birthday is burned into my mind .
the other kids ( under the ever - watchful guardians , of course ) put together a surprise party for me , but there was a somber undertone to it .
it was more of a going - away party than anything .
i got a few half - hearted congratulations on reaching 13 , but more than anything i got condolences .
i could n't sleep that night .
i sat on my bed , eyes wide open and shaking with fear .
i did n't know when they would come , or even if they would come .
unfortunately for me , i was just a kid .
i was n't built for staying up all night , even out of terror .
by the time i woke up , it was all over .
i had been transferred .
dazed and confused , i stumbled around the decrepit ruins .
i shouted until my voice was hoarse , and got nothing in return .
my mind flashed back to the horror stories we had made up .
` ` the teens are where we go to die , '' we would say .
` ` any moment now the collectors could come for you and your life would be over . ''
and then we would laugh and tell another story .
it seemed so innocent back then , but we could n't have known how right we were .
the teens were a deathtrap , full of mines , traps meant for , irradiated water that could be killing you without you even realizing it .
and the worst part was the loneliness .
it was rare to come across another teen , and i never met another living one during those long 5 years .
of course , once i hit 18 , the collectors once again came for me .
i had been cooking my canned beans and they just came out of the shadows cast by my meager cooking fire .
they did n't say a word , but by this time i had figured out what was going on .
i understood that the teens were a test of worthiness , of survival skills , of character .
they put us through the worst sort of torture imaginable just to judge us .
and for what , to build this society ?
survival of the fittest is one thing , but throwing children into the mistakes of their ancestors just to test them ?
during my time in the teens , i contemplated ending it all .
i thought about taking that broken glass and driving it into myself , as i had seen many corpses of those who had done the same .
and i ' m not so sure surviving was in fact worth it .
but here i am now , standing before you in adulthood .
soon enough i 'll be brought into the elders , most likely killed because i ' ve outlived my usefulness .
was my struggle , and the struggle of every man and woman in this goddamn city worth all this ?
[ hp ] september 25 , 1781 dear ma , i am writing to let you know that i am well .
today my regiment arrived in yorktown , virginia .
you would not believe how fortified everything is !
lieutenant hartford said it was because of the french , which is strange because i was told we were fighting rebels !
he also said that i 'll get leave the first of october , so perhaps i will be able to see cousin lizzie !
i want you to know i love you and will see you again soon .
everyone says the war will be over any day now .
give my best to jimmy and tell him i am saving a indian knife i found in quebec for him .
your loving son , private arthur miller
you ever get into a car , start driving , and get bored and have trouble focusing ?
what do you do ?
you keep driving that shit , maybe until you get where you want to go , maybe until you just find a rest stop .
just write .
do n't worry about if it 's good , or in the right direction , or what you want .
even if it 's total shit , just get it down .
once things start flowing , it 's a lot easier to keep going and to go back and adjust .
mostly , though , writing 's a job , so take it seriously and devote real time and effort to it .
sonnet number fifty - one
it 's definitely not a detriment to superpower , only to halt the flow of time without the aid of visual sense to guide my movement after time is slow .
in fact , the lone deterrent this restriction has put on my exploits is limiting perversions , 'cause i can not see my action and fully need my sight for gallivanting .
and if i peek , in mid of lurid act that i commit , time 's passage suddenly returns and all my powers will not lack condemning me to social misery .
that i ' m a god in shifting time is clear , but still my venial pursuits will not bear .
for a boy of thirteen , luke had a long stride .
each step was measured , calculated , with purpose .
men turned their heads to watch him walk , their own legs slowing in just barely noticeable hesitations , perhaps a hint of shock at the young face atop the confident body .
the back of the building .
a fine place to start his career .
begin at the back , advance to the side , move up to the front .
luke smiled at the thought .
he would work his way up , proving himself with each battle .
he reached the back in close to no time .
the table had only one man sitting behind it .
he was n't straight - backed like the other recruiters , his eyes were n't bright and shiny and inviting .
he was old , a career soldier , and his hunter - eyes instantly focused on luke .
luke had seen his kind before , men of little emotion and even less words .
his name was stitched onto his uniform , hanging by just a few threads as though it were trying desperately to escape his body .
his mouth twitched .
` ` age ? ''
' believe ' is a weird word .
most of the time it 's used to reflect an unsupported opinion or thought ; something that the person using it knows is unsupported but holds the opinion despite there being no reason to .
the sample poem / writing does n't quite use it like this , which influences my interpretation of the prompt .
so i 'll work off that interpretation : ` ` believe '' being something i greatly enjoy and encourage , that i 'd like to see more of , or that i like to look back on .
in that case , i believe a person deserves and retains the right to autonomy .
that they may freely choose what they 'd like to do , for better or for worse , provided it does not infringe on another 's right to autonomy .
i believe the best use of a person 's time is to improve themselves .
to get better at anything and everything .
and to ultimately become the best person they can be .
i believe that opinions are looked down upon , and that disagreements are discouraged , rather than applauded .
that those who have the will to go against the stream get shot down , rather than rewarded .
i believe someone should reflect their true colors ; having it shine through in every aspect of their life .
be it fashion , routine , work , creative consumption , or simply the way they speak .
i believe there 's no right and wrong , only that of two people who ca n't agree .
likewise , the only wrong you can do is prevent someone the ability to disagree and do their own thing .
i believe consumption of media , distractions , and social trivialities are degrading and make a person worse off , despite said consumption being encouraged and socially obligated .
i believe everyone can be a creative individual , despite many people saying they ca n't .
and that everyone should have some aspect of creation in their life .
and ultimately what i believe is individuality , to stand out and make people say ` ` hey , i remember that guy . ''
the night was dark and the house still .
without , the rain rattled the world and battered against the walls which held a terrible , most evil horror .
in her small bedroom , a girl lay .
in absolute darkness .
silence .
she listened to the house , it listened back .
eventually the silence was broken by the most quiet of sounds .
a creak .
the girl arose from her slumber and slowly walked to her bedroom door .
tension was building .
she knew that it sat just outside the door .
she opened it slightly and as she did the door hinges creaked .
her head peered through the slight opening and she could see it .
staring at her .
the christmas tree .
for most , christmas was a time of delight but for the girl it was a time of terror .
it had scared her since before she could remember , the trees ' large , overpowering shadow was , to her , a terrifying sign that her least favourite time of year had come .
why it scared her so , she had no idea as during the day the tree was pretty and happy and warm but at night it was dark , evil , insidious .
she stared at it , it stared back .
suddenly the shadow was gone and the tree was green once more , however it was not the sweet relief of daylight that had brought such joy to the girl .
it was a light .
before her stood her mother .
' what are you doing up ? '
asked the girls mother .
' you know that santa wo n't leave your presents if you are n't asleep ' .
' i was just ... '
she stared at the tree ' getting a glass of water ' .
after being guided back to bed under the pretence of thirst the girl lay once more , silenced in the absolute black , no longer was the light in the next room a relief .
she looked at her small fairy clock at the side of her bed : 01.49am .
the night was just beginning but it was n't the idea of her gifts that stole her slumber , it was the knowledge that right outside her door the christmas tree waited , watching .
i stand , in my best suit and tie hugging my body , looking up at the grand jury , and the big - wigged judge himself .
i look around the place , and see all of the faces of the people that i cross on the street , people i ' ve done a minimal of business with , all of them , looking at me ` ` how do you plead , to your life and it 's entirety .
be prepared to explain your actions , less you will be punished for it ''
i look at the jury , and think of my life in it 's entirety so far .
i think back so many years into my past .
i watch it in the back of my mind , all the different roads that have led me to this point , and i look up at the judge , with a tired and determined look in my eyes , and i finally tell them all ` ` i plead ...
guilty , on all counts ''
the large room roars with talking and arguing and gasps .
once the booming voices reach a crescendo , the judge hammers down on his wooden throne perched so high , and booms ` ` order !
order in the court !
explain yourself !
there has n't been a guilty plea in over 200 years since the cordon incident .
explain yourself this instant ! ''
i look down in at the small wooden perch that i ' ve found myself in , and sigh , as i think towards the past , and into the future '' ` ` i ' ve been raised , to be a champion among men .
i ' ve been taught by my father , the owner of a very rich and popular company .
he said to me so many countless times , ` ` son , you were born for greatness , so i expect greatness in return '' , and not once , did i ever disappoint him .
i was at the top of my classes .
i had many adoring friends .
i came from a family with wealth , so i never wanted for anything .
i inherited my father 's business , and each time i came down with a choice , i always made the right one , /never/ the wrong one .
i can tell you right now , from my point of view , that everyone who 's had a problem in their life , is better than me , because i know that sooner or later , when i fail , i wo n't be able to get back up .
we take for granted so much that problems give us , but they make us stronger .
i ' ve been perfect all my life , but i know that sooner or later , i 'll mess up .
your honor , that 's why i plead guilty to my life choices .
i ' ve always had problems that were dealt with easily .
i plead guilty ... to having all of my problems be dealt with ... ''
it was 3 weeks after the court date , that there was news of my what happened .
the courts passed the decision that affected everyone ` ` we , for the betterment of mankind , do hereby proclaim , that all people of this world , must solve the unsolvable .
to bring chaos into the lives of people , and make them strong ''
after this happened , i could n't help but smile ...
` ` what is it , to you people , if one devil hunts another ? ''
that was the question i asked of them .
` ` because you could bring him under your sway . ''
was their response .
resignedly , i shook my head and leapt at the nearest one .
such crowds were so difficult to reason with .
bear in mind , i was no different from any one of them , but that i chose to lure out their target using his methods .
he would tear a person limb from limb , forming a crude pentagram from their remains .
i merely imitated to try and get his attention .
however , they saw it as acceptance , as proof that i had been possessed and was in league with him .
but i ' m probably starting too far ahead .
let 's go back to the beginning .
before this string of attacks , this crowd was part of a quiet little township out in the bavarian woods .
then they were selected , by some supernatural being or a serial killer , it made no difference .
they saw it as divine punishment for some wrongdoing or other .
the pastor 's sermons becoming all the more damning as the kills became more frequent .
probably the first sign that they thought i was working with whatever was hunting us was when they saw me smile as the pastor worked himself into an apoplectic rage as he listed off anything that could have been the cause for our trials .
nothing quite brightens the day as seeing a holy man glow from the sheer passion and anger he put into abusing his flock .
that being said , it was also that sermon that made me look for the more mundane reasons behind the killings .
for surely if there was a devil , he would have defiled the chapel by now .
oddly enough , that 's how i started .
cover the chapel in blood and some poor , freshly - buried soul from the graveyard , and , if it 's a serial killer , he will be curious .
if it 's a devil , he will know , and be grateful .
either way , i refused to take the living for my works .
that was my line in the dirt .
if i crossed that line , then what was to stop me from becoming just like that which i was hunting ?
of course , all things must come to an end , as it did tonight .
while i was setting up another location , karl saw me with a leg , and assumed i was working with the killer .
i say working with , because they still had it firmly entrenched in their minds that no human could willingly engage in such depraved acts .
only a devil was capable of such atrocities .
karl rallied the angry townsfolk , grabbed the tools of their trade , and set out to make an example of me , draw out the devil tormenting them .
never mind that i had never killed , only taken the already dead .
never mind that i had no reason to aid whoever was responsible .
they were looking for their devil , and they found it in me .
i wonder how happy they are now to think they have destroyed one of their enemy 's accomplices .
i wonder how restfully they sleep , having killed an innocent man .
i wonder if they knew the full extent of what they were dealing with .
it was n't the work of a devil .
nothing so grand .
they had been selected for ascension , and so they will be raised , one by one .
after my discovery , i was called .
seeing no other option , i heeded the call , and now they will see the real perpetrators , and they will not speak a word of gods or devils .
this is far worse .
for he waits , dreaming of his inevitable return .
ph'nglui mglw'nafh cthulhu r'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn .
i was at the stairs as i waved my family off .
standing in my high school gym uniform as lounging clothes , grey t - shirt , blue trunks , and white ankle socks , i walked back up the stairs to my room to relax .
i did n't want to see another remake movie .
nothing out there had an ending i did n't expect , unlike life .
i saw the flash of police lights outside , no siren , just the lights .
the cops were walking up to the door , each taking their hat off as they approached .
i gripped my chair , nearly falling down from it .
shaking my head , * ''
no , no no no ... this is n't happening .
` ` * i said , tears already coming down my face .
it looked just like all the scenes from war movies .
i scrambled up to my feet , slipping on the wood floor in my socks .
i headed down the stairs , and as i approached the door my eyes went wide .
a hand had reached around my face , covering my mouth as i tried to scream .
i kicked , my arms were wrapped up by a man 's arm .
he kept dragging me backwards and trying to shush me .
* '' calm down , calm down son .
` ` * he whispered into my ear , it was the sound of my dad .
my eyes moved back and forth to the door and to the hand that was covering my mouth .
i was confused .
he started dragging me down to the basement of the house .
mortar and brick had been torn away from the wall of the basement , a hole about 4 feet in diameter was where the dartboard used to be .
my dad put me back down to my feet , he pointed towards the hole .
* ''
i ' ve finally found you son .
` ` * he stated , to my confusion .
* ''
go , go now , your mother and sister is waiting .
` ` * as i walked into the dirt hole , i felt the dampness of the dirt upon my feet .
i kept moving through the serpertine path .
the sounds of boards being nailed echoing in the distance .
i saw the light was growing in this dark terrain .
as i rounded a bend in the path , a scream escaped my throat .
hanging , lifeless was my dad .
my knees buckled , i was confused , as a hand fell upon my shoulder , my dad smiling a large grin .
` ` they 're copies son , i do n't know why they did it , but they copied the whole of us .
i tried to get him to talk , i really did .
tonight , i drove your fake family into a lake .
we 'll be safe , we just have to get to ... ''
* the sounds of boards being ripped and torn made my dad 's eyes go wide , as he grabbed me .
* ''
no time to explain .
` ` * he said , grabbing a sledge hammer and knocking down a support beam to his tunnel .
he grabbed me by the wrist and dragged me past what i used to think was my dad towards the next tunnel .
this was the start of a better movie than i could have imagined ...
“ ruth ! ! ! ”
“ ruth ! ! ! ”
the old man was up again .
but this time it was different “ ruth the goddamn chickens are at it again ! ! ! ” .
“ old coots losing it ... ”
i was thinkin to myself as i struggled to get back to sleep .
“ i ai nt got no time to be chasing no ghosts on the account of some old coot . ”
i said to myself quitely .
it cain ’ t of been much past three
and i had two a days for football at seven .
“ ain ’ t no way , no how i ’ m getting out of this here bed . ”
i was thinkin .
about that time i seen the light come on in the hallway .
“ brian , brian ! ”
my pa ’ s voice said with some kinda passion .
“ brian get yer clothes on boy somethins goin on ! ”
“ pa , really ?
ain ’ t nothing but those chickens chirpin bout the damned wind . ”
my pa looked at me with a face woulda melted iron real quick like .
“ this ai nt no wind boy now get on yer feet son , we gots to do for what s ours ” with a sigh and a bit of a struggle i managed to git on my feet and git my boots on .
pa said i ai nt had no time for pants
so i just went out in my boots and underwear “ walter white style ” as my pa would call it when he
’ d sit round the house like that .
i did manage to grab my coat though it being november and all .
out we went into the night .
i could see it was a foggy one off out in the distance .
but i could see plumb clear to the chicken house .
“ pa , ai nt nothin there we can see damn it .
let ’ s get back to bed . ”
“ no son i done hurd it
i swear now we got ta get out there . ”
so with my flash light and old pump action 4 - 10 i had gotten fir my 15th birthday back in september me and pa walked on over to the chicken house listenin and on our toes the whole dang way .
i crept up on the house real quiet like .
nary a sound like a dern ninja i was .
quiet as a church mouse on sunday .
now it ai nt the fact that the chicken house didn ’ t make no sounds at that close that sent the chills up my spine .
it was the stillness .
i couldn ’ t a bin 5 ft from it now and yet not a shimmer of movement from the whole dang thing .
i looked back at pa hoping he ’ d jist change his mind .
he had to of seen the “ lack of confidence ” ( i don ’ t never get scared ) in my face but he just motioned with his hand real forceful like for me to keep on movin .
so i did real nice and careful like i leaned up on over the tin siding and looked around the corner where i could see plumb through the chicken wire door .
not a damn chicken in sight ... not a one ... “
pa there ai nt no damn chickens here ! ? ”
“ what do you mean there ain ’ t
no damn chickens here ? ”
he responded confused .
“ pa , there ai nt no damn chickens here come look fer yerself . ”
my pa then come around the barn real , real careful like and looking inside he said “ i ’ ll be damn ... ai nt
no damn chickens in there ... ”
“ maybe a fox or a coon done got em ? ”
i asked .
“ ain ’ t no fox or coon done this , ain ’ t no feathers , ai nt no blood .
it ’ s like they just up and run oft ... or was abducted .... ”
my pa said with a look on his face coulda chilled a beer and then some .
my pa was as tough as the day is long , if he was scared i was well , again lacking in confidence .
“ pa ai nt no such things as aliens ...
pastor john done told me so ” “ and then just where do you think these here chickens done got off to then eyein - stine ? ”
he was right i hadn ’ t the faintest clue where those damn chickens coulda got off to .
we was standin around thinkin out loud to each other , me and pa .
when suddenly pa noticed something glowin off in the field towards town .
“ boy , look over yonder ! ”
he exclaimed pointing with his hand shaking just a bit .
pa still had aliens on the brain ya see .
but then i seent it too , off in the far field , musta been a fire , “ somethins in the field pa . ”
i said in a hushed kinda voice .
now i don ’ t want to sound to off but let me tell ya i was really beginning to lack confidence in this whole chicken hunting business we had found ourselves in .
“ we gots to find out what s goin on over there boy , come on . ”
pa said real determined like .
“ pa we oughta just git back to the house now and call the law .
that s what s theys for ya know ?
we ai nt got no business chasing aliens out a fields or no such nonesense . ”
“ thought you said pastor john done told you there ai nt no such things boy ? ”
my pa said mockingly .
“ well if there is i sure as heck do nt wan na be sneakin up on em in the middle of no gosh dern night pa ” “ well if they is aliens they ai nt got no business in our lettuce fields no how and the sooner we learnt em the better off the whole dern planet ’ ll be ” .
“ pa ai nt no way no how if aliens gon na come and land in our lettuce fields theys up to any good .
let ’ s jist git back and call the dang law now . ”
i said real stern like .
“ no ” my pa said tuggin at the collar of his jacket .
“
mans got ta protect what s his ya know .
now you can run back to the house if ya want go and tuck your head done neath your pillow and play with ya dolls , put on a dress and have yerself a tea party . ”
pa said , real hurtful like .
“ i ai nt no kinda dress wearer no how pa and you knows it . ”
“ coulda fooled me tonight boy . ”
now , i ai nt sayin i got nothing against boys who wear dresses sometimes , i got myself a cousin who lives in austin that i talk to real regular .
but i ai nt no little girl and no one is gon na call me one .
so off i went into that their lettuce field .
if i was gon na get aliened or whatever i was gon na do it real man like .
so off we crept real quiet like into that there lettuce field .
stayin real low to the ground so as to get the jump on whatever “ they ” was .
the ground crunched a bit under neath my feet from the ice in the night and the world around me was quite still like .
real peaceful until i got close enough to see what they was doin .
on the other side of a little bunch of trees i could see em ’ dancin and carryin on .
we got real low then and crept on up to the woodline with our flash lights off and our guns up and ready like .
now , i seen lots of things , this one time i seen a cow eat a rabbit , little guy just got a bit too close to the grass that the cow was eatin , one time i even rode an elephant at a circus when i was a boy , but what i seen then ...
well it didn ’ t make no kinda sense ... “ pa , theys pirates ? ... ”
“ ai nt no such things as pirates no more boy , theys extinct . ”
he said real confident like .
“ extinct ? ”
“ ai nt no more of em boy its what the scientests say when there ai nt no more , what do i send you to school for if you ai nt gon na learn nothin ... ”
“ i know what it means pa i jist mean pirates ai nt extinct there just ai nt supposed to be no pirates in these parts . ”
“ if theys pirates boy , where is there ship ?
and pirates steal gold and rum and the news once said they steal things over the computer sometimes not chickens .
never in my life have i ever heard of chicken theivin pirates don ’ t be obtuse . ”
he said feeling real proud of that there last word .
i hated to say so but the old coot had a point ...
they mighta been dressed like pirates but it sure didn ’ t fit , aliens woulda somehow made more sense givin the situation ... bout that time one of the pirate ladies turned towards us and says in a real funny sounding voice : “ hello would you two like some chicken ? ”
me and pa jist sorta stood up then and looked at the pirate lady with quite a bit of confusion ...
then she sorta lifted a chicken leg and pointed it at us ...
i suppose that calmned pa a bit cause he stepped forward and says “ what y all doin in my here lettuce field ? ”
“ we don ’ t believe in things like yours and mine . ”
the pirate lady said .
“ what in tarnation does that mean ? ”
pa returned with his mouth sorta just stoppin and hangin open like he was expecting to hafta use it again real soon or somethin .
“ in this family you are not where you come from or what you possess but who you are . ”
“ ofcourse i am who i am woman now start making some damned sense . ”
then the pirate lady just laughed and took a bite of the chicken .
by now several other pirates had showed up and was lookin at me and pa real strange like .
my confidence was startin to run oft again .
“ now what i think my pa means ta say is that we ai nt got no issue with pirates in general we are jist a bit confused now about what your doin in our here field and with them there our chickens ... ”
i said real cordial like .
the pirate lady then she just should sorta turned looked at me smiled and began to laugh .
“ pirates ? is that what you think we are ? ”
the pirate lady said with a great big ole smile on her face .
“ we ’ re not pirates young man we ’ re gypsies . ”
“ what in hell is a gip see ? ”
pa said as if the word had caused his tounge to cramp up .
“ gypsies them things that come out of lamps and grant wishes pa. ”
i said real confident like .
then the pirate lady just sorta looked at me as if i had pure none sense runnin out my mouth .
“ those are genies young man . ”
she said .
“ gypsies are something entirely different let me tell you about how we came to be in your lettuce field . ”
she continued .
somethin about the way she said them words made me realize it was gon na be a long night ... and it was ...
` ` dave ! dave !
you fat bastard , come and help me lift this ! ''
` ` but it 's .... _ down .
_
how am i going to get back up ? ''
` ` you 'd use your wings if you were n't so aerodynamic ! ''
scoffed paul .
dave recoiled , and jerked his head at an angle .
` ` are you mad because i won the head - stutter contest ? ''
` ` no - o. i ' m mad because your feet are bigger than mine .
get down here ! ''
` ` well , i ca n't help you if you 're just jealous . ''
dave waddled on the spot , glancing down at his feet as he adjusted them .
` ` maybe you should stick your head in the middle bit . ''
paul looked at the doughnut ; sticky chocolate face down on the concrete , apparently too dusty to be picked up even within 5 seconds .
paul looked back up at the comfy home - rooftop .
the radio station sign glowed even in broad daylight : ` ` m.t. do : only obscure music . ''
it looked further away than usual .
dave stared back patiently from his perch .
he did not look like he was going to be any help .
with all the grace of a pigeon stuck in a doughnut , paul began the unexpected journey back .
