commonwealth edison co. was ordered to refund about $ 250 million to its current and former ratepayers for illegal rates collected for cost overruns on a nuclear power plant .
the refund was about $ 55 million more than previously ordered by the illinois commerce commission and trade groups said it may be the largest ever required of a state or local utility .
state court judge richard curry ordered edison to make average refunds of about $ 45 to $ 50 each to edison customers who have received electric service since april 1986 , including about two million customers who have moved during that period .
judge curry ordered the refunds to begin feb. 1 and said that he would n't entertain any appeals or other attempts to block his order by commonwealth edison .
" the refund pool ... may not be held hostage through another round of appeals , " judge curry said .
commonwealth edison said it is already appealing the underlying commission order and is considering appealing judge curry 's order .
the exact amount of the refund will be determined next year based on actual collections made until dec. 31 of this year .
commonwealth edison said the ruling could force it to slash its 1989 earnings by $ 1.55 a share .
for 1988 , commonwealth edison reported earnings of $ 737.5 million , or $ 3.01 a share .
a commonwealth edison spokesman said that tracking down the two million customers whose addresses have changed during the past 3 1/2 years would be " an administrative nightmare . "
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , commonwealth edison closed at $ 38.375 , down 12.5 cents .
the $ 2.5 billion byron 1 plant near rockford , ill. , was completed in 1985 .
in a disputed 1985 ruling , the commerce commission said commonwealth edison could raise its electricity rates by $ 49 million to pay for the plant .
but state courts upheld a challenge by consumer groups to the commission 's rate increase and found the rates illegal .
the illinois supreme court ordered the commission to audit commonwealth edison 's construction expenses and refund any unreasonable expenses .
the utility has been collecting for the plant 's construction cost from its 3.1 million customers subject to a refund since 1986 .
in august , the commission ruled that between $ 190 million and $ 195 million of the plant 's construction cost was unreasonable and should be refunded , plus interest .
in his ruling , judge curry added an additional $ 55 million to the commission 's calculations .
last month , judge curry set the interest rate on the refund at 9 % .
commonwealth edison now faces an additional court - ordered refund on its summer / winter rate differential collections that the illinois appellate court has estimated at $ 140 million .
and consumer groups hope that judge curry 's byron 1 order may set a precedent for a second nuclear rate case involving commonwealth edison 's braidwood 2 plant .
commonwealth edison is seeking about $ 245 million in rate increases to pay for braidwood 2 .
the commission is expected to rule on the braidwood 2 case by year end .
last year commonwealth edison had to refund $ 72.7 million for poor performance of its lasalle i nuclear plant .
the u.s. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed south korea , taiwan and saudi arabia from a list of countries it is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor u.s. patents , copyrights and other intellectual - property rights .
however , five other countries -- china , thailand , india , brazil and mexico -- will remain on that so - called priority watch list as a result of an interim review , u.s. trade representative carla hills announced .
under the new u.s. trade law , those countries could face accelerated unfair - trade investigations and stiff trade sanctions if they do n't improve their protection of intellectual property by next spring .
mrs. hills said many of the 25 countries that she placed under varying degrees of scrutiny have made " genuine progress " on this touchy issue .
she said there is " growing realization " around the world that denial of intellectual - property rights harms all trading nations , and particularly the " creativity and inventiveness of an { offending } country 's own citizens . "
u.s. trade negotiators argue that countries with inadequate protections for intellectual - property rights could be hurting themselves by discouraging their own scientists and authors and by deterring u.s. high - technology firms from investing or marketing their best products there .
mrs. hills lauded south korea for creating an intellectual - property task force and special enforcement teams of police officers and prosecutors trained to pursue movie and book pirates .
seoul also has instituted effective search - and - seizure procedures to aid these teams , she said .
taiwan has improved its standing with the u.s. by initialing a bilateral copyright agreement , amending its trademark law and introducing legislation to protect foreign movie producers from unauthorized showings of their films .
that measure could compel taipei 's growing number of small video - viewing parlors to pay movie producers for showing their films .
saudi arabia , for its part , has vowed to enact a copyright law compatible with international standards and to apply the law to computer software as well as to literary works , mrs. hills said .
these three countries are n't completely off the hook , though .
they will remain on a lower - priority list that includes 17 other countries .
those countries -- including japan , italy , canada , greece and spain -- are still of some concern to the u.s. but are deemed to pose less - serious problems for american patent and copyright owners than those on the " priority " list .
gary hoffman , a washington lawyer specializing in intellectual - property cases , said the threat of u.s. retaliation , combined with a growing recognition that protecting intellectual property is in a country 's own interest , prompted the improvements made by south korea , taiwan and saudi arabia .
" what this tells us is that u.s. trade law is working , " he said .
he said mexico could be one of the next countries to be removed from the priority list because of its efforts to craft a new patent law .
mrs. hills said that the u.s. is still concerned about " disturbing developments in turkey and continuing slow progress in malaysia . "
she did n't elaborate , although earlier u.s. trade reports have complained of videocassette piracy in malaysia and disregard for u.s. pharmaceutical patents in turkey .
the 1988 trade act requires mrs. hills to issue another review of the performance of these countries by april 30 .
so far , mrs. hills has n't deemed any cases bad enough to merit an accelerated investigation under the so - called special 301 provision of the act .
investor harold simmons and nl industries inc. offered to acquire georgia gulf corp. for $ 50 a share , or about $ 1.1 billion , stepping up the pressure on the commodity chemicals concern .
the offer follows an earlier proposal by nl and mr. simmons to help georgia gulf restructure or go private in a transaction that would pay shareholders $ 55 a share .
georgia gulf rebuffed that offer in september and said it would study other alternatives .
however , it has n't yet made any proposals to shareholders .
late yesterday , georgia gulf said it reviewed the nl proposal as well as interests from " third parties " regarding business combinations .
georgia gulf said it has n't eliminated any alternatives and that " discussions are being held with interested parties , and work is also continuing on other various transactions . "
it did n't elaborate .
analysts saw the latest offer as proof that mr. simmons , an aggressive and persistent investor , wo n't leave georgia gulf alone until some kind of transaction is completed .
" he has clamped on their ankle like a pit bull , " says paul leming , a vice president with morgan stanley & co.
" he appears to be in it for the long haul . "
mr. simmons and nl already own a 9.9 % stake in georgia gulf .
mr. simmons owns 88 % of valhi inc. , which in turn owns two - thirds of nl .
nl is officially making the offer .
mr. leming was n't surprised by the lower price cited by nl , saying he believes that $ 55 a share is " the most you can pay for georgia gulf before it becomes a bad acquisition . "
georgia gulf stock rose $ 1.75 a share yesterday to close at $ 51.25 a share , while nl shares closed unchanged at $ 22.75 and valhi rose 62.5 cents to $ 15 , all in new york stock exchange composite trading .
j. landis martin , nl president and chief executive officer , said nl and mr. simmons cut the price they were proposing for georgia gulf because they initially planned a transaction that included about $ 250 million in equity and a substantial amount of high - yield subordinated debt .
however , the junk - bond market has collapsed in recent weeks , lessening the likelihood that such a transaction would succeed .
now , he said , the group plans to put in " several hundred million " dollars in equity and finance the remainder with bank debt .
he also said that the group reduced its offer because it was n't allowed to see georgia gulf 's confidential financial information without agreeing that it would n't make an offer unless it had georgia gulf 's consent .
in a letter to georgia gulf president jerry r. satrum , mr. martin asked georgia gulf to answer its offer by tuesday .
it was n't clear how nl and mr. simmons would respond if georgia gulf spurns them again .
mr. martin said they have n't yet decided what their next move would be , but he did n't rule out the possibility of a consent solicitation aimed at replacing georgia gulf 's board .
in other transactions , mr. simmons has followed friendly offers with a hostile tender offer .
although georgia gulf has n't been eager to negotiate with mr. simmons and nl , a specialty chemicals concern , the group apparently believes the company 's management is interested in some kind of transaction .
the management group owns about 18 % of the stock , most purchased at nominal prices , and would stand to gain millions of dollars if the company were sold .
in the third quarter , georgia gulf earned $ 46.1 million , or $ 1.85 a share , down from $ 53 million , or $ 1.85 a share on fewer shares outstanding .
sales fell to $ 251.2 million from $ 278.7 million .
hudson general corp. 's president and chief executive officer , alan j. stearn , resigned .
mr. stearn , 46 years old , could n't be reached for comment .
a company spokesman declined to elaborate on the departure .
hudson general , which provides maintenance , fueling and other services to airlines and airports , reported a loss for its most recent fiscal year and last month omitted the semiannual dividend on its common shares .
mr. stearn , who had been with the company more than 20 years and had been president since 1984 , will act as a consultant to hudson general .
his duties as chief executive will be assumed by chairman jay b. langner .
oshkosh truck corp. , oshkosh , wis. , estimated earnings for its fourth quarter ended sept. 30 fell 50 % to 75 % below the year - earlier $ 4.5 million , or 51 cents a share .
the truck maker said the significant drop in net income will result in lower earnings for the fiscal year .
in fiscal 1988 , the company earned $ 17.3 million , or $ 1.92 a share , on revenue of $ 352.9 million .
oshkosh truck attributed the downturn in its earnings to higher start - up costs of its new chassis division , a softer motor - home market and higher administrative costs of compliance with government contractor regulations .
the company said it is in the process of phasing out john deere , its current source of production for midsized motor home chassis .
in anticipation of the start - up of its new factory , the company said a larger - than - normal chassis supply has been built to carry it through the transition period .
new brunswick scientific co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
the company said the plan , under review for some time , will protect shareholders against " abusive takeover tactics . "
one of ronald reagan 's attributes as president was that he rarely gave his blessing to the claptrap that passes for " consensus " in various international institutions .
in fact , he liberated the u.s. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- unesco .
this is the u.n. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .
ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the united states to rejoin this dreadful group .
now unesco apologists are lobbying president bush to renege on president reagan 's decision to depart .
but we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .
the u.s. , along with britain and singapore , left the agency when its anti - western ideology , financial corruption and top leadership got out of hand .
the personal antics of agency director amadou - mahtar m'bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as kgb plants and ejected from france and when a mysterious office fire was set just before congress sent accountants to trace u.s. funds .
mr. m'bow was an extreme case , but even his replacement , the more personally genial spanish biochemist federico mayor , has had little success at achieving reforms .
several ridiculous projects continue , including the " new international economic order , " which means redistributionism from the west to pay for everyone else 's statism .
the orwellian " new world information order " would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of " wrong " ideas .
unesco somehow converted the founding u.n. ideals of individual rights and liberty into " peoples ' rights . "
million - dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as " ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament " and " the impact of the activities of transnational corporations . "
the agency was so totally subverted from the high principles of its founding that even the soviets now wonder about an agency that seemed so congenial to them .
glasnost may be partly responsible , but soviet foreign minister eduard shevardnadze last year admitted , " the exaggerated ideological approach undermined tolerance intrinsic to unesco . "
unesco is now holding its biennial meetings in paris to devise its next projects .
mr. mayor 's hope that references to " press freedom " would survive unamended seems doomed to failure ; the current phrasing is " educating the public and media to avoid manipulation . "
he has n't been able to replace the m'bow cabal .
soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an african military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard - line polish communist in exile directs the human - rights and peace division .
of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .
the position of the united states , which once contributed 25 % of the budget , is that nothing has changed .
john bolton , the assistant secretary of state for international organizations , told congress that the continuing " statist , restrictive , nondemocratic " programs make rejoining any time soon " extremely unlikely . "
this has n't much bothered the unesco delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century french chateau the agency somehow owns .
other countries , including west germany , may have a hard time justifying continued membership .
we see an even stronger argument against unesco than its unsurprising failure to reform .
this is that the reagan revolution spanning eastern europe and tiananmen square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries .
free markets , free minds and free elections have an appeal that seems to get muddled only when delivered through u.n. organizations -- which of course are made up largely of governments that fear these principles at home .
the babelists of the united nations are experts at obfuscation .
this can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of western concepts of freedom and justice .
we can see plenty of reasons to stay out , and none to rejoin unesco .
hani zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective nov. 15 , succeeding frank robertson , who is retiring early .
mr. zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of zellers inc. , a retail chain that is owned by toronto - based hudson 's bay co. , canada 's largest department store operator .
dow chemical co. , midland , mich. , and eli lilly & co. , indianapolis , said they completed the formation of dow elanco , a joint venture combining their plant - sciences businesses as well as dow 's industrial pest - control business .
the companies said dow elanco will be the largest research - based agricultural concern in north america , with projected first - year revenue of $ 1.5 billion .
dow will own 60 % of the venture , with eli lilly holding the rest .
the venture will be based in indianapolis .
five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : e. garrett bewkes iii , a 38 - year - old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; michael r. dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; richard harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; michael minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and william j. montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer .
the board increased by one to 26 members .
in the past year , one inside director resigned , while three others retired .
moody 's investors service inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of houston lighting & power co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
houston lighting is a unit of houston industries inc. , a utility holding company in houston .
downgraded by moody 's were houston lighting 's first - mortgage bonds and secured pollution - control bonds to single - a-3 from single - a-2 ; unsecured pollution - control bonds to baa-1 from single - a-3 ; preferred stock to single - a-3 from single - a-2 ; a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single - a-3 from a preliminary rating of single - a-2 ; two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single - a-3 from a preliminary rating of single - a-2 , and the unit 's rating for commercial paper to prime-2 from prime-1 .
moody 's said houston lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing " very well " the construction and commercial operation risks of units 1 and 2 of the south texas project nuclear power plant .
capital requirements will be declining and no new generating facilities will be required for several years , moody 's said .
sun myung moon , the korean evangelist - industrialist who in 1954 founded the unification church , remains the mystery man behind a multimillion - dollar political and publishing operation based in this country and catering to the american right .
but there may be less there than meets the eye .
mr. moon planned to convert millions of americans to his unique brand of christianity -- in which he plays the role of old testament - style temporal , political messiah -- and then to make the u.s. part of a unified international theocracy .
his original strategy ( in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion ) was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions .
tax - exempt airport and street - corner solicitations were intended only to provide start - up funds .
more stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the moon movement in north america , as they had in japan and south korea .
then he would move his movement to europe .
but that was not to be .
throughout the 1970s and early 1980s spokesmen for both the unification church and its opponents in the anticult movement gave wildly exaggerated membership figures .
their legacy lives on .
it is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time american members and 25,000 " associates . "
some estimates have gone as high as 80,000 members .
but internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity - seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular yankee stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full - time unification church members in the u.s.
mr. moon 's support for a watergate - beleaguered richard nixon , the koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .
defections , burnouts , and abduction " deprogrammings " kept member turnover high .
that the membership number has even kept close to its 1976 size is the result of the " graying " of the church .
many of the enthusiastic young " moonies " of the nixon era who remained faithful to father moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .
the reputed wealth of the unification church is another matter of contention .
for a while in the 1970s it seemed mr. moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as the former new yorker hotel and its adjacent manhattan center ; a fishing / processing conglomerate with branches in alaska , massachusetts , virginia and louisiana ; a former christian brothers monastery and the seagram family mansion ( both picturesquely situated on the hudson river ) ; shares in banks from washington to uruguay ; a motion picture production company , and newspapers , such as the washington times , the new york city tribune ( originally the news world ) , and the successful spanish - language noticias del mundo .
yet these purchases can be misleading .
most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from south korea and japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages .
those teams of young fund - raisers selling flowers , peanuts or begging outright at traffic intersections brought in somewhere near $ 20 million a year during the mid - to - late 1970s , but those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of mr. moon 's lavish international conferences , speaking tours , and assorted land buys .
only his factories in japan and korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .
virginia commonwealth university sociologist david bromley , who more than any other researcher has delved into the complex world of unificationist finances , has concluded that profitable operations in the u.s. have been the exceptions rather than the rule .
likewise , journalists john burgess and michael isikoff of the washington post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from japan to the u.s. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
mr. moon 's two english - language u.s. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
start - up costs for the washington times alone were close to $ 50 million , and the total amount lost in this journalistic black hole was estimated at $ 150 million by 1984 .
since then , moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high - quality glossy opinion magazines , the world and i and insight , which are a further drain .
insiders say that not even their editors know for sure how much these show - piece publications , along with the newspapers , have cost mr. moon .
many american church - owned businesses , such as a $ 30 million factory to build fishing vessels , are defunct .
some components of the american church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year .
the relatively small academic conferences that have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- in recent years are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand - person get - togethers in fancy digs and exotic locales of years past .
i attended several of these in the dual role as a presenter of research findings as well as an investigator of my hosts .
( mr. moon 's paragon house eventually even published three of my co - edited books on religion and politics . )
according to veteran watchers of unificationist affairs , such as dr. j. gordon melton , director of the institute for the study of american religion , almost all operations are being drastically reduced as mr. moon now concentrates more on developing his empire in the far east .
" everything , " one non-"moonie " senior consultant to the unification church recently told me in an interview , " is going back to korea and japan . "
( europe had proved even less hospitable than north america .
european politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
so mr. moon is in retreat , refocusing on the far east .
south korea and japan continue to be profitable .
moon 's tong'il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in china , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in tiananmen square .
panda motors is one such investment .
according to senior consultants to the church , mr. moon has successfully negotiated a joint venture with the chinese government to build an automobile - parts plant in guangdong province , an area of china with a substantial korean minority .
mr. moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in china .
in return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread unificationism in that country .
whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion - makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the rev. moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle .
mr. shupe is co - author ( with david g. bromley ) of " ` moonies ' in america : cult , church , and crusade " and " strange gods : the great american cult scare . "
gov. george deukmejian and key legislators agreed to back a temporary one - quarter - cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake .
the tax increase , which will be considered at a special session of the state legislature that begins tomorrow , would cover only part of the estimated $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in total damage caused by the oct. 17 quake .
aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .
" i am not aware that there is anything but bipartisan agreement for the general outline " of the revenue - raising plan , said a spokesman for the governor , after a monday meeting with legislative leaders over the quake - relief question .
the tax increase -- on top of the current six - cent per dollar sales tax -- would become effective this dec. 1 and expire dec. 31 , 1990 .
the sales - tax plan was preferred over an alternative that would have boosted the state gasoline tax .
some legislators expressed concern that a gas - tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas - tax - increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next june .
desoto inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually .
under the plan , desoto said it will sell certain assets and businesses that do n't meet strategic and profitability objectives .
the des plaines , ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world - wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its chicago heights , ill. , resin plant .
the company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's " refocused direction . "
technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
the nasdaq composite index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 .
it was the market 's biggest gain since rising more than 7 points on oct. 19 .
advancing otc stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
but the move lagged a stronger rise in new york stock exchange issues .
the big board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the dow jones industrial average jumped 1.6 % .
nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
the nasdaq 100 rose 7.08 to 445.23 .
the financial index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the transportation index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the utility index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
national market system volume improved to 94,425,000 shares from 71.7 million monday .
many of nasdaq 's biggest technology stocks were in the forefront of the rally .
microsoft added 2 1/8 to 81 3/4 and oracle systems rose 1 1/2 to 23 1/4 .
intel was up 1 3/8 to 33 3/4 .
but traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another " one - day phenomenon . "
technology stocks bore the brunt of the otc market 's recent sell - off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .
but , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength .
" they are always the first to be sold when people are taking profits , because people are most scared of the high - technology stocks , " said robin west , director of research for ladenburg thalmann 's lanyi division , which specializes in emerging growth stocks .
the technology group includes many of the otc market 's biggest stocks , which dominate the market - weighted nasdaq composite index .
analysts say rallies in the group historically have lifted the market , while weakness in the sector often sank unlisted share prices broadly .
but increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings .
the stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows .
some even claim the group has become a lagging , not leading , indicator .
the technology sector of the dow jones equity market index has risen only about 6.24 % this year , while the nasdaq composite index has gained 18.35 % .
while the composite index lost less than a third of its year - to - date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved .
the otc technology sector is far from a cohesive unit .
the group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers .
while computer stocks have taken the biggest hit from the slowdown in the industry , many software and semiconductor stocks have continued to outperform the market .
microsoft is up more than 50 % this year , while intel is up more than 40 % .
the technology group is also split between large companies and small , with the biggest stocks trading as blue - chip issues in the institutional marketplace , while the smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults , analysts say .
the volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading , according to hambrecht & quist 's technology stock indexes .
the brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its technology index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .
but the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group .
that index , which contains technology companies with annual revenues of $ 200 million or less , gained 17.97 % by sept. 30 this year -- still lagging the s&p 500 , but leading larger technology firms .
yesterday , bank stocks lagged behind the overall otc market .
the nasdaq bank index rose 0.17 to 432.78 .
george jennison , who trades bank stocks for shearson lehman hutton , said the stocks tend to fall behind because they are n't traded as much as many other issues .
but , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
" the interest - rate sensitives are n't rallying with the rest of the market because of fears about what the ( federal reserve ) will do , " mr. jennison said .
he said that investors will scour the october employment report , due out friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
on the other hand , mr. jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
shearson lehman hutton gave small investors some welcome news by announcing that it would no longer handle index - arbitrage - related program trades for its accounts .
shearson , with its in - house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over - the - counter market .
the trading has been blamed for much of the market 's recent volatility .
jaguar topped the most - active list , as its american depository receipts climbed 1 3/4 to 13 5/8 with more than 6.6 million adrs traded .
britain said it would waive its " golden share " in the luxury auto maker if shareholders vote to allow a suitor to acquire more than 15 % of the company .
the announcement effectively removes the british government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by general motors and ford .
gen - probe was another active takeover stock .
it surged 2 3/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by japan 's chugai pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of gen - probe 's stock .
priam corp. lost 5/32 to 3/32 after filing for protection from its creditors under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code .
mci communications added 1 1/2 to 43 3/8 .
the company has toted up over $ 40 million in contracts in the past two days .
monday , mci announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank stuart - james .
yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three - year contract from drexel burnham lambert .
florida national banks of fla. slid 1 1/8 to 24 3/4 .
late monday , the federal reserve board said it is delaying approval of first union corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of florida national banks pending the outcome of an examination into first union 's lending practices in low - income heighborhoods .
florida national said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger .
dycom industries gained 3/4 to 16 3/4 after it said it agreed to buy ansco & associates and two affiliates for cash and stock .
the value of the transaction was n't disclosed .
the companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
willamette industries , whose stock has suffered steep losses in recent sessions , surged 1 1/2 to 49 .
the stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following georgia - pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for great northern nekoosa .
orkem s.a. , a french state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of u.k. specialty chemical group coates brothers plc which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
the offer , which values the whole of coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company .
the acceptances give orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company .
orkem and coates said last wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through orkem 's british subsidiary , orkem coatings u.k. ltd. orkem , france 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .
the takeover would be followed by a restructuring of orkem 's u.k. unit , including the addition of related orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .
orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its u.k. business .
federal and state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of lincoln savings & loan association , and a california regulator described an attempted " whitewash " by deputies of chief federal regulator danny wall .
in a riveting day of hearings before the house banking committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by mr. wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
a california official also said he sent the federal bureau of investigation a packet of documents relating to a previously reported $ 400,000 contribution from lincoln 's parent solicited by sen. alan cranston ( d. , calif. ) .
federal examiner alex barabolak said lincoln 's operations amounted to " pyramiding debt to provide a luxurious life style for its owners . "
another federal examiner , john meek , said lincoln 's principal owner , charles keating jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
lincoln 's collapse may cost taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 billion , according to estimates , making it the most expensive thrift failure in history .
" i think there 's overwhelming evidence to indicate probable criminal activity , " said mr. meek , who participated last year in an examination of the irvine , calif. , thrift .
he said the evidence pointed to wrongdoing by mr. keating " and others , " although he did n't allege any specific violation .
richard newsom , a california state official who last year examined lincoln 's parent , american continental corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .
" it sure smells like it , " he said .
he said 30 % of the loans he sampled were " dead meat on the day they were made . "
the state examiner also said supervisors of a parallel federal examination seemed so reluctant to demand write - downs of lincoln 's bad loans that he immediately grew suspicious .
" later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , " he said .
he called the sour loans " appalling " and added , " you opened the file up and it just jumped at you . "
leonard bickwit , a washington attorney for lincoln 's parent corporation , said in an interview , " we deny any criminal behavior by the association or its officers . "
" those who testified { yesterday } have consistently maintained that anyone who did n't agree with them is part of a coverup , a whitewash , or the subject of excessive influence , " mr. bickwit said .
" we simply do n't agree with that or the findings of their investigation . "
mr. wall 's deputies complained that they had n't been given an opportunity to respond to the criticism brought out during the banking committee 's hearings , which committee chairman henry gonzalez ( d. , texas ) has used as a forum to flay mr. wall 's handling of the affair and to demand that he step aside from his job .
" a couple of things mr. newsom said were at least misleading , " said kevin o'connell , one of the washington regulators responsible for the handling of lincoln .
in an interview , he said federal regulators eventually declared one of the loans the state regulator cited to be a total loss , and forced lincoln to make an $ 18 million downward adjustment on another .
" our response to the whitewash would simply be , look what happened , " another washington official , alvin smuzynski , said in an interview .
federal officials seized the association in april , a day after the parent corporation entered bankruptcy - law proceedings .
the government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against mr. keating and others .
rep. gonzalez has complained that regulators waited far too long , however , ignoring a recommendation from regional officials to place lincoln into receivership two years before it failed .
" he took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , " rep. gonzalez said .
state thrift examiner eugene stelzer said he found the chief federal examiner steve scott to be totally uninterested in one allegedly fraudulent series of transactions .
" frankly , it was like he worked for the lincoln public - relations department , " mr. stelzer testified .
and david riley , a federal examiner who worked under mr. scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about lincoln .
asked to comment , a spokesman for mr. scott said : " mr. scott has spoken to his attorney , who has advised him not to talk to anybody . "
mr. meek said that a day or two before lincoln 's parent entered bankruptcy proceedings , he and other examiners saw " a truck with a sign on it that said it was from the ` document destruction center . '
we observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . "
mr. bickwit said the paper had been donated to " a charitable organization that sells it for recycling .
they shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors . "
mr. meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to credit suisse of switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in saudi european bank in paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a panama - based company , southbrook holdings .
mr. bickwit said , " i can see why an s&l examiner would regard these as unusual activities , " but said the overseas investments " essentially broke even " for the s&l.
richard j. riordan was elected a director of this single - family home builder , increasing the board to nine .
he is a senior partner with the law firm of riordan & mckinzie and is a partner in riordan venture management .
nec corp. said it plans to more than double its british subsidiary 's capacity for the production of semiconductor wafers .
officials at the japanese semiconductor maker said the company intends to increase investment in plant and equipment by 10 billion yen ( $ 70.6 million ) , to 90 billion yen , in the year ending march 31 , with the extra funds used to increase production overseas .
officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that nec semiconductors u.k. ltd. will receive priority .
officials also disclosed it 's possible that nec may reduce domestic production of one - megabit chips to five million a month from six million , beginning january , because of deteriorating market prices .
an ancient red - figured greek kylix , or drinking cup , was recovered backstage at sotheby 's this spring and has been returned to the manhattan couple who lost it in a burglary three years ago .
robert guy , an associate curator at the princeton art museum , was previewing a june antiquities sale at the auction house when he recognized the kylix , which he , as a specialist in attic pottery and a careful reader of the stolen art alert in " ifar reports , " knew was stolen .
the timing of his visit was fortuitous ; the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall .
to confirm mr. guy 's identification , sotheby 's and ifar exchanged photos by fax , and the waiting man , apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen , agreed to release it .
the cup had been insured , and in short order it was given over to a chubb & son representative .
the original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home .
a former curator of the museum of cartoon art in rye brook , n.y. , pleaded guilty in july to stealing and selling original signed and dated comic strips , among them 29 dick tracy strips by chester gould , 77 prince valiant sunday cartoons by hal foster , and a dozen walt disney animation celluloids , according to barbara hammond , the museum 's director .
he sold them well below market value to raise cash " to pay off mounting credit - card debts , " incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , philip russell , told ifar .
the curator , 27 - year - old sherman krisher of greenwich , conn. , had worked his way up from janitor in seven years at the museum .
the theft was discovered early this year , soon after ms. hammond took her post .
sentencing was postponed on aug. 18 , when mr. krisher was hospitalized for depression .
his efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
but on oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate .
two days earlier , his attorney met in a park avenue law office with a cartoon dealer who expected to sell 44 of the most important stolen strips to mr. russell for $ 62,800 .
instead , new york city police seized the stolen goods , and mr. krisher avoided jail .
he was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $ 45,000 .
authorities at london 's heathrow airport are investigating the disappearance of a paul gauguin watercolor , " young tahitian woman in a red pareo , " that has two sketches on its verso ( opposite ) side .
valued at $ 1.3 million , it was part of a four - crate shipment .
the air - waybill number was changed en route , and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced , so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the gauguin discovered missing .
although heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the gauguin may be " lost . "
chief inspector peter seacomb of the criminal investigation department at the airport said , " it is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . "
officials at the university of virginia art museum certainly would agree .
their museum had purchased an attic black - figured column krater and shipped it from london .
it was reported stolen in transit en route to washington , d.c. , in february .
months later , the greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through nairobi .
two mexican college dropouts , not professional art thieves , have been arrested for a 1985 christmas eve burglary from the national museum of anthropology in mexico city .
about 140 mayan , aztec , mixtec and zapotec objects , including some of mexico 's best - known archaeological treasures , were taken .
the government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities , but routine police work led to the recovery .
as it turned out , carlos perches trevino and ramon sardina garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the perches family 's home for a year .
then they took the art to acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine .
information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art .
among other happy news bulletins from the german democratic republic , the leipzig museum of fine arts announced that it has recovered " cemetery in the snow , " a painting by the german romantic painter caspar david friedrich .
the artist 's melancholy subjects bring high prices on the world market , and the u.s. state department notified ifar of the theft in february 1988 .
according to a source at the east europe desk , two previously convicted felons were charged , tried , convicted and sentenced to prison terms of four and 12 years .
the precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
no charges were brought against her .
trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye , but robert lawrence trotter , 35 , of kennett square , pa. , took his fooling seriously .
he painted one himself in the style of john haberle and sold it as a 19th - century original to antique dealers in woodbridge , conn.
mr. trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency .
mr. trotter 's fake haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in new canaan , conn.
the dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake .
they persuaded mr. trotter to take it back and , with the help of the fbi , taped their conversation with him .
after his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the eastern seaboard .
ms. lowenthal is executive director of the international foundation for art research ( ifar ) .
base data computers that once were the state of the art , the marvels bought three years ago , are now obsolete .
as we queasily start the search for replacements , we know the new one we purchase in hopes it will do , despite every wonder that 's stated , means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , but also more quickly out- dated !
-- bern sharfman .
curdling confession
i know when dividends are due ; when bonds should be retired ;
but what gets by me every time is has the milk expired ?
--
ralph shaffer .
daffynition tithing : obedience to one - tenth commandment . --
len elliott .
kidder , peabody & co. is trying to struggle back .
only a few months ago , the 124 - year - old securities firm seemed to be on the verge of a meltdown , racked by internal squabbles and defections .
its relationship with parent general electric co. had been frayed since a big kidder insider - trading scandal two years ago .
chief executives and presidents had come and gone .
now , the firm says it 's at a turning point .
by the end of this year , 63 - year - old chairman silas cathcart -- the former chairman of illinois tool works who was derided as a " tool - and - die man " when ge brought him in to clean up kidder in 1987 -- retires to his lake forest , ill. , home , possibly to build a shopping mall on some land he owns .
" i 've done what i came to do " at kidder , he says .
and that means 42 - year - old michael carpenter , president and chief executive since january , will for the first time take complete control of kidder and try to make good on some grandiose plans .
mr. carpenter says he will return kidder to prominence as a great investment bank .
wall street is understandably skeptical .
through the first nine months of the year , kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of u.s. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year - earlier period , according to securities data co.
it 's quite a fall from the early 1980s , when kidder still was counted as an investment - banking powerhouse .
gary s. goldstein , president of the whitney group , an executive search firm , said : " i 'd like to see ( kidder ) succeed .
but they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one . "
in 1988 , kidder eked out a $ 46 million profit , mainly because of severe cost cutting .
its 1,400 - member brokerage operation reported an estimated $ 5 million loss last year , although kidder expects it to turn a profit this year .
in fact , kidder is a minor player in just about every business it does except computer - driven program trading ; in that controversial business , only morgan stanley & co. rivals kidder .
but even that niche is under attack , as several wall street firms pulled back from program trading last week under pressure from big investors .
mr. carpenter , a former consulting - firm executive who has a love for " task forces , " says he has done a " complete rethink " of kidder in recent months .
there have been a dizzying parade of studies of the firm 's operations .
more than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since january .
the firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers - and - acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people .
mr. carpenter says that when he assumes full control , kidder will finally tap the resources of ge .
one of ge 's goals when it bought 80 % of kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of " syngeries " between kidder and general electric capital corp. , ge 's corporate - finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets .
the leveraged buy - out group of ge capital now reports to mr. carpenter .
so far , instead of teaming up , ge capital staffers and kidder investment bankers have bickered .
yet , says mr. carpenter , " we 've really started to exploit the synergy between ge capital and kidder peabody . "
the units have worked on 37 investment banking deals this year , he says , though not all of them have panned out .
" we 've had a good relationship with ge , which is the first time you could say that -- uh , let me withdraw that .
it 's been a steadily improving relationship , " says mr. carpenter .
still , without many actual deals to show off , kidder is left to stress that it finally has " a team " in place , and that everyone works harder .
a month ago , the firm started serving dinner at about 7:30 each night ; about 50 to 60 of the 350 people in the investment banking operation have consistently been around that late .
" we are working significantly longer and harder than has been the case in the past , " says scott c. newquist , kidder 's head of investment banking since june .
everywhere , kidder stresses the " always working " theme .
a new in - house magazine , kidder world -- which will focus on the firm 's synergy strategy , says mr. carpenter -- confides that on weekends mr. newquist " often gets value - added ideas while flying his single - engine cessna centurion on the way to nantucket . "
the firm 's new head of mergers and acquisitions under mr. newquist , b.j. megargel , talks of the opportunity to " rebuild a franchise " at kidder .
" the kidder name is one of only six or seven that every ceo recognizes as a viable alternative " when considering a merger deal , he says .
now , according to a kidder world story about mr. megargel , all the firm has to do is " position ourselves more in the deal flow . "
with investment banking as kidder 's " lead business , " where do kidder 's 42 - branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ?
mr. carpenter this month sold off kidder 's eight brokerage offices in florida and puerto rico to merrill lynch & co. , refueling speculation that kidder is getting out of the brokerage business entirely .
mr. carpenter denies the speculation .
to answer the brokerage question , kidder , in typical fashion , completed a task - force study .
the result : kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of goldman , sachs & co. than a serve - the - world firm like merrill lynch or shearson lehman hutton inc.
mr. carpenter notes that these types of investors also are " sophisticated " enough not to complain about kidder 's aggressive use of program trading .
as part of the upscale push , kidder is putting brokers through a 20 - week training course , turning them into " investment counselors " with knowledge of corporate finance .
they will get " new and improved tools to sell , particularly to the affluent investor , " says brokerage chief charles v. sheehan .
theoretically , the brokers will then be able to funnel " leads " on corporate finance opportunities to kidder 's investment bankers , possibly easing the longstanding tension between the two camps .
however , skeptics caution that this kind of cross - pollination between brokers and investment bankers looks great on paper , but does n't always happen .
kidder competitors are n't outwardly hostile to the firm , as many are to a tough competitor like drexel burnham lambert inc. that does n't have kidder 's long history .
however , competitors say that kidder 's hiring binge involving executive - level staffers , some with multiple - year contract guarantees , could backfire unless there are results .
the departing mr. cathcart says he has no worries about kidder 's future .
mr. cathcart , who will return to the quaker oats co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures , is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free - wheeling kidder .
he also improved the firm 's compliance procedures for trading .
mr. cathcart says he has had " a lot of fun " at kidder , adding the crack about his being a " tool - and - die man " never bothered him .
" it was an absolutely marvelous line and one i used many times , " he says .
smiling broadly when he talks about mr. carpenter , mr. cathcart says the new kidder chief is " going to be recognized shortly as one of the real leaders in the investment - banking business . "
in coming years , mr. cathcart says , kidder is " gon na hum . "
or , as mr. carpenter , again drawing on his consulting - firm background , puts it : " we 're ready to implement at this point . "
the head of the nation 's largest car - dealers group is telling dealers to " just say no " when auto makers pressure them to stockpile cars on their lots .
in an open letter that will run today in the trade journal automotive news , ron tonkin , president of the national car dealers association , says dealers should cut their inventories to no more than half the level traditionally considered desirable .
mr. tonkin , who has been feuding with the big three since he took office earlier this year , said that with half of the nation 's dealers losing money or breaking even , it was time for " emergency action . "
u.s. car dealers had an average of 59 days ' supply of cars in their lots at the end of september , according to ward 's automotive reports .
but mr. tonkin said dealers should slash stocks to between 15 and 30 days to reduce the costs of financing inventory .
his message is getting a chilly reception in detroit , where the big three auto makers are already being forced to close plants because of soft sales and reduced dealer orders .
even before mr. tonkin 's broadside , some large dealers said they were cutting inventories .
ford motor co. and chrysler corp. representatives criticized mr. tonkin 's plan as unworkable .
it " is going to sound neat to the dealer except when his 15 - day car supply does n't include the bright red one that the lady wants to buy and she goes up the street to buy one , " a chrysler spokesman said .
retailers in the west and parts of the south are entering the critical christmas shopping season with more momentum than those in other regions .
in a new report , the international council of shopping centers said sales of general merchandise in the west for the first seven months of 1989 rose 6.6 % above year - earlier levels .
sales increased a more modest 4.8 % in the south and 4.4 % in the midwest .
but sales in the oil - patch state of texas surged 12.9 % and sales in south carolina jumped 10.6 % in the period , the new york trade group said .
in the northeast , however , sales declined 0.4 % in the period , with sales in new england falling 2.6 % .
the numbers show that " we do n't have a monolithic economy , " said isaac lagnado , council research director .
" there are a lot of have and have - not markets . "
sales nationally rose 3.9 % through july , the latest month for which the figures are available , the council said .
the northern california earthquake and hurricane hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the west and south carolina .
but mr. lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through christmas .
" the big mo is as much of a factor in retailing as in politics , " he said .
the christmas quarter is important to retailers because it represents roughly a third of their sales and nearly half of their profits .
the council 's report is based on data the trade group buys from the u.s. census bureau .
the information on 125 metropolitan markets is supplied by retailers such as sears , roebuck & co. and k mart corp. as well as closely held concerns such as r.h. macy & co.
the council plans to release its regional reports monthly .
mr. lagnado said strength in employment appears to have the biggest impact on sales growth .
el paso , austin and fort worth , the three strongest retail markets in the nation , are all located in texas , where employment grew a relatively strong 2 % .
massachusetts , which has lost jobs in the computer and defense - related industries , was the weakest link in bleak new england .
the results reflect a reversal in the fortunes of the regions during the past two years .
in 1987 , the west had the slowest sales growth , and the south and the midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council .
mr. lagnado said that although retailers probably wo n't ever recover sales lost because of the california quake and hurricane hugo , they could see some benefits later on .
stores such as sears that sell big - ticket durable goods might actually get a boost as consumers rush to replace items lost in the disasters , he said .
a unit of dpc acquisition partners launched a $ 10 - a - share tender offer for the shares outstanding of dataproducts corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer - printer maker " as soon as possible , " even if a merger is n't consummated .
dpc acquisition is controlled by crescott investment associates , wilson investment group , kernel corp. and catalyst partners .
the investor group owns 1,534,600 dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake .
the offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing .
dpc acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of chase manhattan bank n.a. that the financing can be obtained .
in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , dpc acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .
dpc acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .
dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by dpc acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between dpc acquisition and dataproducts .
earlier this year , dpc acquisition made a $ 15 - a - share offer for dataproducts , which the dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed .
dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale .
federal drug regulators , concerned over british reports that diabetics have died after shifting from animal to human - based insulin , say they are considering a study to see if similar deaths have occurred here .
the united kingdom reports came from dr. patrick toseland , head of clinical chemistry at guy 's hospital in london .
in a telephone interview friday , dr. toseland said the number of sudden , unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985 .
at least six of the deaths occurred among relatively young diabetics who had switched from animal to human insulin within the past year , he said .
dr. solomon sobel , director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the u.s. food and drug administration , said fda officials have discussed dr. toseland 's findings " fairly intensively . "
while there have been no reports of similar sudden unexplained deaths among diabetics in the u.s. , dr. sobel said the fda plans to examine dr. toseland 's evidence and is considering its own study here .
dr. toseland , a toxicologist , said he was preparing an article for a british forensic medical journal raising the possibility that the deaths may have occurred after human insulin blunted critical warning signs indicating hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar , which can kill diabetics .
the usual warning signs of hypoglycemia include sweating , anxiety and cramps .
with proper warning , diabetics can easily raise their blood sugar to safe levels by eating sugar or sugary food .
" the anecdotal data certainly shows that some of the people were not aware of the rapid onset of hypoglycemia , " dr. toseland said .
at the u.s. national institutes of health , dr. robert e. silverman , chief of the diabetes program branch , said no evidence of unexpected deaths from hypoglycemia had shown up in a study of 1,500 diabetics that has been under way at nih for five years .
however , he said officials conducting the study had n't been looking for signs of problems related to hypoglycemia unawareness .
" we are now monitoring for it much more closely , " he said .
" we do know there are slight differences in the way human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar , " dr. sobel said .
the human - based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said .
" but we do n't believe there is enough of a difference to be clinically significant , " dr. sobel said .
reports of dr. toseland 's findings in the british press have triggered widespread concern among diabetics there .
both the british diabetic association and the committee on safety in medicines -- britain 's equivalent of the u.s. fda -- recently issued statements noting the lack of hard scientific evidence to support dr. toseland 's findings .
on friday , the american diabetes association issued a similar statement urging the six million u.s. diabetics not to overreact to the british report .
" a loss of the warning symptoms of hypoglycemia is a complex problem that is very unlikely to be due simply to the type of insulin used , " the american association said .
the fda already requires drug manufacturers to include warnings with insulin products that symptoms of hypoglycemia are less pronounced with human insulin than with animal - based products .
eli lilly & co. , the indianapolis - based drug manufacturer , dominates the u.s. human insulin market with its product known as humulin .
lilly is building plants to make the insulin in indianapolis and fagershein , france .
in its latest annual report , lilly said humulin sales have shown " excellent growth . "
lilly officials said they had seen reports of hypoglycemic unawareness among some patients making the shift from animal to human insulin , but did n't know if the problem had caused any deaths .
dr. leigh thompson , a lilly group vice president , said the company 's clinical trials of both its animal and human - based insulins indicated no difference in the level of hypoglycemia between users of either product .
dr. toseland said most of the british diabetics who died had been taking a human - based insulin made by novo / nordisk , a danish manufacturer .
none of the diabetics were using lilly 's insulin .
west germany 's cost - of - living index rose a preliminary 0.3 % in october from september and was up 3.3 % from a year earlier , the federal statistics office in wiesbaden said .
the increase follows a monthly rise of 0.2 % in september from august .
preliminary cost - of - living data for the current month are calculated based on inflation data from the four largest west german states -- baden - wuerttemberg , north rhine - westphalia , bavaria and hesse .
trinova corp. said it will resume buying back as many as three million of its common shares under a program announced two years ago .
trinova , which had 34.2 million common shares outstanding sept. 30 , had repurchased 29,700 shares since october 1987 before this latest announcement .
the company said it is n't making a commitment to purchase a specific number of shares .
in new york stock exchange composite trading yesterday , trinova closed at $ 32.125 , up 12.5 cents .
swedish rolling - steel and ball - bearing group ab skf said its pretax profit rose 78 % to 1.78 billion kronor ( $ 278 million ) in the first nine months from one billion kronor ( $ 156 million ) in the corresponding period a year earlier .
skf said sales increased 17 % to 18.46 billion kronor from 15.72 billion .
earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor .
skf said demand for the group 's main product , rolling bearings , remained favorable in europe , which accounts for slightly more than two - thirds of group sales .
latin american markets continued their recovery after a weak start to the year , skf said .
the company said the situation in the u.s. is still uncertain as reduced production in the country 's automotive industry has resulted in weakened demand for rolling bearings .
analysts said skf 's results for the first nine months lived up to market expectations as brokerage firms had predicted a pretax profit of 1.74 billion to 1.86 billion kronor .
the three business areas engaged in rolling bearing operations continued to show favorable sales development .
sales of rolling bearings increased 19 % to 15.7 billion kronor from 13.2 billion kronor in the corresponding period the previous year .
general motors corp. 's chevrolet division said it is offering $ 750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full - size blazer and suburban truck lines .
chevrolet already has cash incentives on the 1989 models of these vehicles .
michael b. jager , a construction industry consultant , was elected a director of this natural gas utility and its savings and loan subsidiary , primerit bank .
he succeeds edward m. berol , who retired .
mcdonald 's corp. , under pressure by environmental groups to stop using polystyrene containers , announced a program here to foster recycling of the plastics at 450 of its new england restaurants .
environmentalists , however , attacked mcdonald 's program as a public relations ploy and the wrong way to address the nation 's garbage crisis .
under the program , mcdonald 's restaurants will be equipped with recycling bins for plastic items and with posters encouraging customers to use them , the company said .
the plastic will be sent to a plant in leominster , mass. , near boston , which is owned by a joint venture recently formed by plastics makers .
it then will be processed into plastic pellets for use in making products such as trash cans , flower pots and food trays , but not food containers , mcdonald 's said .
the program will reduce trash , help educate youngsters about recycling and " is a big step toward a better environment , " asserted shelby yastrow , mcdonald 's senior vice president , environmental affairs .
however , it will be a small step for mcdonald 's as a whole .
the program will include 4 % of the company 's 11,000 restaurants .
and because many customers wo n't participate , such as people who drive through , it is likely that less than 2 % of the company 's plastic containers will be recycled under the program .
mcdonald 's said it plans to expand the program when and if more plastic recycling plants are built near its restaurants .
the plant in leominster is the first of five planned by the national polystyrene recycling co. , the plastics - industry joint venture .
it was formed earlier this year by dow chemical co. , mobil corp. and six other concerns in response to concerns about growing amounts of non - biodegradable plastic trash .
paul keough , acting regional director for the environmental protection agency in boston , said , " we hope that other large companies follow mcdonald 's lead to undertake similar programs . "
but amy perry , a spokeswoman for the massachusetts public interest research group , a boston offshoot of ralph nader 's lobbying outfits , argued that the program " just serves to legitimize increasing the use of throwaway plastics .
it would be far better for mcdonald 's to use durable goods { that could be reused for serving food } , instead of promoting the throwaway society . "
last year , a network of environmental groups commenced a " mctoxics campaign " to pressure mcdonald 's to stop using polystyrene .
among other things , the groups have urged consumers to mail used mcdonald 's plastic containers to its oak brook , ill. , headquarters .
concerns about plastic trash also have sparked legislative initiatives , such as one in berkeley , calif. , to ban polystyrene products as of january .
such laws are causing major headaches for companies like mcdonald 's , which increasingly must wrestle with different local rules across the nation .
" political pressure has been a factor " in the introduction of recycling programs by plastics makers and sellers , conceded ken harman , national polystyrene 's acting president and chairman , at the news conference , which was held in a mcdonald 's restaurant next to boston 's children 's museum .
some of the pressure became evident during the news conference when a mcdonald 's customer startled company officials by blurting out , " why do you produce so much trash in the first place ? "
the customer , jeff simpson , a visitor from london , later explained that he was vexed by all the plastic , paper and cardboard that came with the mcdonald 's breakfast he had just eaten .
the recycling program " is laudable , " he said , " but why not use china plates ? "
primerica corp. , new york , raised its quarterly 14 % to eight cents a share , from seven cents , payable nov. 24 to stock of record nov. 6 .
the financial services company , which has about 98.8 million shares outstanding , noted its " continued confidence in the ongoing strength of the operations . "
alamco inc. said its board has approved a 1 - for-10 reverse stock split .
the clarksburg , w.va . , producer of gas and oil , said it wants shareholders to approve the split because it would " enhance the marketability " and trading of the stock .
if approved at a shareholder meeting in december , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny .
computer sciences corp. said it received a u.s. postal service contract that will have a value of at least $ 33 million .
computer sciences will perform data processing work for the postal service under the three - year contract , which also includes two additional option years for which compensation has n't yet been fixed .
computer sciences said its work will improve mail - processing efficiency .
for its fiscal year ended march 31 , computer sciences had revenue of $ 1.3 billion .
( during its centennial year , the wall street journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of american business history . )
tax shelters called individual retirement accounts , or " iras , " were created without fanfare on sept. 2 , 1974 , but grew beyond expectations as an inducement to personal saving .
that labor day , in his first major act after succeeding the resigned richard nixon as president , gerald r. ford signed the employee retirement income security act .
pension reform was its main thrust .
labor and business leaders , quoted at the white house rose garden rites , hailed its provisions for insuring corporate pension benefits .
iras were like stepchildren there .
the ira 's conception is murky .
in 1972 , then treasury secretary george shultz , with the key support of sen. carl curtis , sought some form of pensions for the uncovered .
that year a four - man group headed by william lieber in the legislation and regulations division of the office of the chief counsel for the internal revenue service , was assigned the task of designing a plan .
they used the 1962 keogh plan , a pension plan created by a new york congressman for the self - employed , as a partial model .
this team initially called its new model personal retirement account , or " pra . "
but it did n't sing .
so they opted for ira , naming it after ira cohen , a brilliant irs actuary who helped them .
ira , himself , confirms this account .
ira rules have been changed over the years .
one in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax - deductible , into the tax - deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans .
this caused an explosion of ira promotions by brokers , banks , mutual funds and others .
but in 1986 congress sharply reduced the number of people who could qualify for its benefits and ira tax - deductions slowed their roaring growth .
ira account assets have grown to about $ 400 billion from $ 393 billion last year and just $ 26 billion in 1981 .
c. hyde tucker will become president and chief executive officer of bell atlantic international inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective jan. 1 .
mr. tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of bell atlantic 's c&p telephone unit .
mr. tucker will succeed salvatore j. barbera , 64 , who will hold the newly created position of chairman of the international unit until his retirement april 1 .
pwa corp. said it plans to sell by spring 1992 all 15 passenger planes it acquired earlier this year in its 248 million canadian dollar ( us$ 211.6 million ) purchase of wardair inc. pwa , which recently merged wardair 's operations with those of pwa - owned canadian airlines international ltd. , canada 's second - biggest airline , said the proposed sale is part of a revised five - year plan aimed at streamlining its fleet and shedding debt .
pwa would n't estimate the value of wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 airbus a310 - 300s and three boeing 747 - 100s .
but james ireland , a miami - based technical analyst with avmark inc. , an aircraft evaluation firm , estimated the total " half - life " value of the 15 planes at about $ 650 million or more .
mr. ireland said 11 dc10 - 30 aircraft that pwa also said it plans to sell , beginning in 1992 , have a current half - life value of about $ 34 million each , or a total $ 374 million , raising aggregate potential proceeds from the aircraft sale to about $ 1.02 billion .
mr. ireland said current demand for used aircraft is strong , partly because surging orders for new aircraft have lengthened waiting lists .
he predicted that pwa would have little difficulty attracting prospective buyers .
under its revised fleet plan , pwa said it will also increase its existing fleet of eight boeing 767 - 300er aircraft to 18 by 1994 , and add four more boeing 747 - 400s by 1994 to the two units that it previously planned to add by next year .
pwa said two of the boeing 767 - 300er aircraft scheduled for delivery in 1990 would be leased out for two to five years .
pwa did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a toronto - based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million ( us ) , excluding replacement costs for the 11 dc10 - 30 aircraft that pwa plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 airbus 320 - 200 aircraft that pwa previously ordered .
" i do n't see this as a debt reduction exercise .
it 's focused on streamlining " pwa 's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs , the analyst said .
pwa 's long - term debt and capital lease obligations rose to c$ 1.24 billion at the end of the second quarter , nearly double the year - earlier figure , reflecting debt absorbed under the wardair purchase .
pwa said it also expects to announce by tuesday whether it will take delivery of all 17 airbus 320 - 200 aircraft it previously ordered .
the first five leased units were to be delivered in 1991 .
this british banking and financial - services group 's investment - banking arm , barclays de zoete wedd group , announced the following appointments at its merchant - banking subsidiary barclays de zoete wedd ltd.
john padovan , 51 years old , was named a deputy chairman .
mr. padovan is currently a director at barclays de zoete wedd ltd.
graham pimlott , 40 , was named to the new post of chief executive officer of the merchant - banking corporate - finance division .
callum mccarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate - finance division and a managing director .
mr. pimlott and mr. mccarthy join barclay 's from kleinwort benson ltd. where they served as directors .
one day after delmed inc. made top management changes and disclosed the end of an important business tie , its stock did n't trade and the company forecast a " significant " drop next year in sales of its core product .
that disclosure came , a delmed spokeswoman said , after the american stock exchange alerted the company that trading would n't resume in its stock until additional information about developments was provided .
in addition to the forecast , the company also said it is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead .
the spokeswoman said the exchange would resume trading of delmed stock today .
delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on tuesday announced the resignations of robert s. ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of leslie i. shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer .
they were succeeded by executives of fresenius usa inc. and its parent , fresenius ag , which owns about 45 % of delmed .
at the same time , the new brunswick , n.j. , company said negotiations about pricing and volumes of product had collapsed between it and its exclusive distributor in the u.s. , national medical care inc.
following that announcement tuesday , however , company officials were unavailable to elaborate .
yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with national medical accounted for 87 % of delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million .
the current distribution arrangement ends in march 1990 , although delmed said it will continue to provide some supplies of the peritoneal dialysis products to national medical , the spokeswoman said .
nonetheless , " delmed currently expects that 1990 sales ... will be significantly below their 1989 level , " the company said in a statement .
delmed said yesterday that fresenius usa would begin distributing the product and that the company is investigating other possible distribution channels .
in any case , supplies to patients wo n't be interrupted , the company added .
fresenius , a west german pharmaceutical concern , has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % .
the transaction also would combine fresenius usa and delmed .
but the plan now is being " reformulated , " delmed said , declining to provide most of the new terms of the combination .
said the spokeswoman : " the whole structure has changed .
the value of the company has changed . "
delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into delmed but less than the $ 10 million originally expected .
delmed also would receive the north american rights to certain fresenius ag products .
another option for delmed , the company said , is that it could sell its plant in ogden , utah .
it added that no discussions about such a sale are under way .
kemper financial services inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big wall street firms from doing any of its stock - trading business .
the move is the biggest salvo yet in the renewed outcry against program trading , with kemper putting its money -- the millions of dollars in commissions it generates each year -- where its mouth is .
the kemper corp. unit and other critics complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on tuesday and on oct. 13 and 16 , and has increased chances for market crashes .
over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker charles schwab & co. and sears , roebuck & co. 's dean witter reynolds inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market evil .
several big securities firms backed off from program trading a few months after the 1987 crash .
but most of them , led by morgan stanley & co. , moved back in earlier this year .
the most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid - fire , computer - guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock - index futures and options .
the object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves .
index arbitrage recently has accounted for about half of all program trading on the new york stock exchange .
last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day , or a record 13.8 % of the big board 's average daily volume .
on tuesday afternoon , kemper told bear , stearns & co. , general electric co. 's kidder , peabody & co. unit , morgan stanley and oppenheimer & co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed .
kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a long - simmering dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead .
" we 've been opposed to " index arbitrage " for a long time , " said stephen b. timbers , chief investment officer at kemper , which manages $ 56 billion , including $ 8 billion of stocks .
" index arbitrage does n't work , and it scares natural buyers " of stock .
while mr. timbers explained he 's " not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , " he said that " on an intraday basis , it has major effects .
we 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they 're ruining the market .
they said , ` too bad , ' so we finally said we 're not going to do business with them . "
kemper also blasted the big board for ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders .
" the new york stock exchange has vested interests " in its big member securities firms " that cloud its objectivity , " mr. timbers said .
" it has never been interested in what we think .
the big board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors , " he added .
small investors perceive that " big operators " dominate the market , said thomas o'hara , chairman of the national association of investors and head of the exchange 's individual investors advisory committee set up after the 1987 crash .
" the impression i 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , " he said .
big board chairman john j. phelan said in a recent interview that he has no inclination to eliminate program trading .
he said the market 's volatility disturbs him , but that all the exchange can do is " slow down the process " by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers .
mr. timbers countered that " the mere fact they put in circuit breakers is an admission of their problems . "
morgan stanley and kidder peabody , the two biggest program trading firms , staunchly defend their strategies .
" we continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , " a morgan stanley official said .
" we would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , " he said , citing oct. 13 and earlier this week .
michael carpenter , president and chief executive officer at kidder peabody , said in a recent interview , " we do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole . "
according to lawrence eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at prudential - bache securities inc. , " kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . "
he added that " having just one firm do this is n't going to mean a hill of beans .
but if this prompts others to consider the same thing , then it may become much more important . "
rupert murdoch acquired a 25 % stake in grupo zeta s.a. , the leading spanish magazine and newspaper publisher said .
the transaction called for mr. murdoch 's news international plc , a unit of australia - based news corp. , to subscribe to a rights issue by zeta valued at 6.65 billion pesetas ( $ 57 million ) .
also participating in the issue was servifilm spain cinematografica s.a.
the film producer , owned by madrid - based financier jacques hachuel , received a 5 % stake in the barcelona - based publishing group .
the cash injection boosted zeta 's capital more than four - fold , to 8.47 billion pesetas from 1.82 billion pesetas , greatly enhancing the group 's ability to make investments , zeta officials said .
following its failure last month to win a license for one of spain 's first three private television stations , zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing .
with annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular tiempo , interviu and panorama , and three regional dailies .
chairman antonio asensio will retain a 70 % share in zeta .
coda energy inc. said it completed the sale of phenix - transmission co. to bishop pipeline co. , for $ 17 million in cash and notes .
coda , an oil and gas concern , said it and its partners received $ 7 million in cash and $ 10 million in five - year notes for the kansas intrastate pipeline .
coda owned 60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest .
bishop is based in hutchinson , kansas .
as a presidential candidate in 1980 , george bush forthrightly expressed his position on abortion in an interview with rolling stone magazine published that march .
what did he think of the supreme court 's decision legalizing abortion ?
" i happen to think it was right , " mr. bush said flatly .
a few months later , mr. bush became ronald reagan 's running mate .
suddenly , george bush the pro - choice advocate became george bush the anti - abortionist .
and the vacillation did n't end there .
just a month ago , mr. bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life .
then , two weeks ago -- declaring that " i 'm not looking for any conflict over this " -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest .
but only four days after that , mr. bush resurrected the veto threat .
" i do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , " he proclaimed , and finally vetoed the measure last weekend .
so what does george bush really believe ?
the answer is so murky that it is beginning to get this popular president in trouble with each of the increasingly vocal , increasingly powerful sides of the abortion issue .
the result is mistrust and criticism from all around .
anti - abortion forces regard him as at best an uncertain ally .
" in all honesty if you ask me , ` is this man a true believer ? '
i do n't know , " says john fowler , head of the washington - based ad hoc committee in defense of life inc.
yet abortion - rights forces remain bitterly critical .
douglas gould , vice president of communications for the planned parenthood federation of america , calls mr. bush 's position on the abortion - funding issue " extremely cruel , " adding : " the guy has n't done one thing about prevention .
he 's totally geared to a punitive position . "
mr. bush is plainly uncomfortable with the entire abortion question .
for most of the past nine years , he has striven to convince anti - abortion activists of his stalwart support for their position .
but ever since the supreme court 's webster vs. reproductive health services decision this year changed the political landscape of the abortion issue , the president seemingly has tried just as hard to avoid saying anything more unless pressed to the wall .
many americans still agonize over their own personal feelings about abortion .
mr. bush 's problem is n't so much that he seems to be agonizing over the issue as it is that he seems to vacillate on it .
the political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it , experts insist .
" if you have a position , you 're better off to stick with it than to move around very much , " says republican strategist john sears .
the need for consistency is especially acute for mr. bush , who , mr. sears maintains , lacks a strong ideological base .
by his moderate republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion - rights arguments .
yet he is also firmly bound by his hard - line rhetoric and promises he made to anti - abortion activists during his long pursuit of the white house .
on many issues -- flag - burning , for instance -- his keen political sensitivities overcome such conflicts .
but mr. bush and his advisers miscalculated the politics of the abortion issue , failing to grasp how dramatically the abortion - rights movement would be aroused following last summer 's supreme court decision to restrict those rights in the webster case .
" it was one of the quickest changes in public attitudes i 've ever seen , " says former reagan pollster richard wirthlin .
these days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually loquacious president can be close - mouthed almost to the point of curtness .
ten days ago he was asked to amplify the reasons behind his anti - abortion stance .
" my position is well - known and well - stated , " he replied .
a close look at his record over the last 15 years suggests that mr. bush has well - stated his views -- on all sides of the issue .
in 1974 , as the u.s. representative to the united nations , he wrote an introduction to a book on world population in which he boasted of his leadership during his term in congress in expanding family - planning services for the poor .
running for president in early 1980 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother .
in his rolling stone interview in 1980 , mr. bush volunteered his abortion - rights remarks to contrast himself with his rival , ronald reagan .
in addition to supporting the landmark roe vs. wade supreme court decision legalizing abortion , mr. bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that mr. reagan was promising to promote .
as mr. reagan 's running mate , though , mr. bush plunged headlong into the anti - abortion position , endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion .
he acknowledged only one difference with mr. reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life .
throughout the early 1980s , mr. bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it .
in april 1986 , then - vice president bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case .
at the gop convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment .
his rhetoric gathered momentum as he rolled into office , affirming his " firm support of our cause " during an anti - abortion rally three days after his inauguration last january .
he again urged passage of a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion .
but when the high court ruled in the webster case in july , the president began to lower the volume .
when the ruling was handed down , the vacationing president dispatched chief of staff john sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself .
he did later threaten vetoes over legislation restoring the district of columbia 's right to use its own tax money to fund abortions for poor women and over restoring funding to the united nations population fund .
but in the months since then , while trying to drum up support for other issues -- such as an anti - flag - burning constitutional amendment -- he has shied away from talking about abortion .
what few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging " greater efforts toward the protection of human life " at a meeting of catholic lawyers in boston last month .
the white house has likewise avoided any involvement in florida 's recent special legislative session on abortion , which anti - abortion forces had regarded as a key test of their ability to get state lawmakers to toughen abortion restrictions .
the session failed to enact any new curbs .
now , some see mr. bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape .
ken ruberg , head of the republican mainstream committee , a group of party moderates , observes : " the administration finds itself in an ideological cul de sac that it will find it difficult -- if not impossible -- to get itself out of . "
disaster states are n't jumping to raise taxes for relief and recovery .
not yet , anyway .
just after hurricane hugo battered south carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes .
gov. campbell responded , " they 're mentioning rope when there 's been a hanging in the family . "
a spokesman says the governor believes he can avoid increases by relying on federal aid and shifting funds in state programs .
still , hugo 's impact may revive unsuccessful proposals to give local governments authority to levy sales taxes .
a spokesman for north carolina gov. martin says hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases .
california , where earthquake damage may top $ 5 billion , plans a special legislative session .
property - tax relief is likely .
legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes , although gov. deukmejian says they should be a last resort .
needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult .
but some legislators think the time may be ripe to revise the constitution .
the irs will pay if its error burdens you with bank charges .
policy statement p-5 - 39 sets out terms .
as a result of an erroneous irs levy on a bank account , a taxpayer may incur administrative and overdraft charges .
if the irs admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to irs inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error .
the irs recently amended the policy to cover stop - payment charges for checks lost by the irs .
if the irs asks for and gets a replacement for a check that it concedes it lost in processing , it will reimburse the taxpayer for the stop - payment charge on the original .
reimbursement claims must be filed with the irs district or service - center director within a year after the expense accrues .
if the irs seeks late - payment interest because of the lost check , you should request interest abatement , publisher prentice hall notes .
just five acres more are all we need to feel really at home , they say .
a couple we 'll call the blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15 - acre plot and main home and have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage - interest deductions .
they plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres .
their debt will be well under the $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- that qualifies for mortgage - interest deductions .
as you can guess , the blandings want to deduct home - mortgage interest on the $ 200,000 loan .
but , irs private ruling 8940061 notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence .
so the irs has drawn a rationale from the sale of a home site split in two and sold in different years to the same buyer ; a court let the seller in that old case treat this as the sale of one residence .
thus , the irs says , the blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home - acquisition debt , and interest on it is fully deductible .
earthquake victims facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers like those provided for hugo 's victims ; irs notice 89108 has details .
notice 89 - 107 offers added relief for hurricane - hit concerns that must file pension and benefit - plan returns .
reports of payments to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way .
the general accounting office estimates that 50 % of irs audits do n't spot companies that fail to file the reports .
uh huh : a claim by peter testa of new york that a stranger paid him $ 500 to go into a bank and change $ 44,400 in small bills into large bills " is unconvincing , " the tax court found .
it held that testa is taxable on $ 44,400 of unreported income .
why be a middleman for charitable gifts ?
a retiree asks .
a retired electrical engineer we 'll call ben works part - time as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that social security reduces his benefits .
so he has arranged for a university foundation to set up a scholarship fund for undergraduate engineering students .
he plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him ; he would omit those fees from income reported on his return .
so he asked the irs if the plan would work .
well , notes irs private ruling 8934014 , " a fundamental principle " is that income must be taxed to whoever earns it .
the rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 supreme court decision , robert willens of shearson lehman hutton says .
if you assign your income to another , you still have controlled its disposition and enjoyed the fruits of your labor , even if indirectly .
ben earns any fees sent directly to charity and is taxable on them , the irs says ; of course , he also may take a charitable deduction for them .
briefs :
ways and means veteran gephardt ( d. , mo. ) moves to the house budget committee ; rep. cardin ( d. , md. ) replaces him ....
seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin - operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth - circuit appeals court holds for acorn investments inc.
the justice department is in the process of trying to gain control over a law that federal judge david sentelle recently called a " monster . "
needless to say , he was talking about rico .
with its recently revised guidelines for rico , justice makes it clear that the law currently holds too many incentives for abuse by prosecutors .
the text of the " new policy " guidelines from the criminal division are reprinted nearby .
they strongly suggest that justice 's prosecutions of drexel burnham lambert , michael milken and princeton / newport violated notions of fundamental fairness .
justice is attempting to avoid a replay of these tactics .
this amounts to an extraordinary repudiation of the tenure of new york mayoral candidate and former u.s. attorney rudolph giuliani , who was more inclined to gathering scalps than understanding markets .
the new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of ricoed defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others .
this follows earlier new guidelines from the tax division prohibiting princeton / newport - like tax cases from masquerading as rico cases .
the forfeiture memo cited " considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre - trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . "
it told prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are " less intrusive " alternatives , such as bonds , and in any case not to seek forfeitures " disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . "
these changes come a tad late for princeton / newport , the first ricoed securities firm .
it was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre - trial asset forfeiture .
princeton / newport investors , including mckinsey & co. and the harvard endowment , made the rational decision to withdraw their money ; for the firm , the liquidation was sentence first , verdict later .
prosecutors wanted $ 23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $ 400,000 .
the experience of princeton / newport and initiation of other rico - forfeiture cases against legitimate businesses taught drexel that a ricoed investment bank would be an ex - investment bank .
drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges " which the company is not in a position to dispute " because of rico .
part of drexel 's plea was to cut mr. milken loose .
so after all the prosecutorial hoopla no one has established what , if anything , drexel did wrong .
so two cheers for the new rules .
justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former u.s. attorney in washington joseph digenova , who wants to salvage rico for real criminals .
but prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors .
judge sentelle , of the appeals court in washington , made this point at a cato institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled , " rico : the monster that ate jurisprudence . "
he said ours is supposed to be " a government of laws not of men , " and yet rico defenders " tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of rico . "
no prosecutorial guidelines , observed or unobserved , limit civil rico cases by plaintiffs for damages .
what now for princeton / newport officials , drexel and mr. milken ?
justice should review these cases to see what other prosecutorial abuses may have occurred .
we suspect that justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of rico can guarantee an end to injustices in its name .
combustion engineering inc. said third - quarter net income of $ 22.8 million , reversing a $ 91.7 million year - earlier loss .
the stamford , conn. , power - generation products and services company said per - share earnings were 56 cents compared with the year - ago loss of $ 2.39 .
sales fell 1.5 % to $ 884 million from $ 897.2 million .
strong profit in the process industries , including chemical and pulp and paper , were offset by higher interest expense and by lower earnings as the company closed out certain long - term contracts .
combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment .
power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low profit - margin contracts from previous years .
net in the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 22.4 million from the sale of combustion 's minority interest in stein industrie to gec alsthom n.v. of the netherlands .
last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste - to - energy and other power plants .
general electric co. executives and lawyers provided " misleading and false " information to the pentagon in 1985 in an effort to cover up " longstanding fraudulent " billing practices , federal prosecutors alleged in legal briefs .
the government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against ge in philadelphia federal district court , challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third - largest defense contractor .
in a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday , ge asserted that " prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts . "
the company attacked the government 's allegations as " reckless and baseless mudslinging , " and said its management " promptly and accurately reported " to the pentagon all relevant information about billing practices .
the case strikes at the corporate image of ge , which provides the military with everything from jet engines and electronic warfare equipment to highly classified design work on the strategic defense initiative , and could cause a loss of future defense contracts if pentagon and justice department officials take a tough stance .
the company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices .
but the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of " widespread " fraudulent billing practices .
the problems were uncovered during a series of internal investigations of the company 's space systems division , which has been the focus of two separate overcharge prosecutions by the government since 1985 .
the dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents .
last november , a federal grand jury indicted ge on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract .
the company , for its part , maintains that many of the disputed documents are privileged attorney - client communications that should n't be turned over to prosecutors .
a hearing is scheduled on the issue today .
the government 's 136 - page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in march 1985 , when ge was accused of defrauding the pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on minuteman missile contracts .
ge pleaded guilty and paid a fine of more than $ 1 million in the minuteman case , which involved some of the same individuals and operations that are at the center of the dispute in the philadelphia court .
in order to show that all of its units had corrected billing problems and therefore should become eligible again for new contracts , prosecutors contend that " high - level ge executives " and company lawyers provided " misleading statements " to then - air force secretary verne orr and other pentagon officials during a series of meetings in 1985 .
overall , the government contends that ge 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to " curry favor " with pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations .
prosecutors depict a company that allegedly sat on damaging evidence of overcharges from 1983 to 1985 , despite warnings from an internal auditor .
when ge finally disclosed the problems , prosecutors contend that mr. orr " was erroneously informed that the { suspected } practices had only just been discovered " by ge management .
in its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal ge documents to rebut anticipated efforts by ge during the trial to demonstrate " its good corporate character . "
ge , which was surprised by the last - minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior ge managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to mr. orr at his first meeting with company representatives .
subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize mr. orr with the company 's self - policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to ge .
ge 's filing contends that the billing practices at the heart of the current controversy involved technical disputes rather than criminal activity .
the company 's conduct " does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover - up , " ge 's brief asserts .
" on the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters . "
mr. orr could n't be reached for comment yesterday .
the airline industry 's fortunes , in dazzling shape for most of the year , have taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks .
citing rising fuel costs , promotional fare cuts and a general slowdown in travel , several major carriers have posted or are expected to post relatively poor third - quarter results .
yesterday , usair group inc. , recently one of the industry 's stellar performers , posted a worse - than - expected $ 77.7 million net loss for the period .
so far , the industry 's fourth quarter is n't looking too strong either , prompting many analysts to slash earning projections for the rest of the year by as much as one - fourth .
and they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad .
airlines in 1989 " came in like a bang and are going out like a whimper , " said kevin murphy , an airline analyst at morgan stanley & co.
this turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double - digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near - monopolies in certain markets .
now , many airline companies might become a lot less attractive as takeover targets on wall street .
the downturn also raises questions about the carriers ' ambitious orders for new airplanes , which currently total $ 32.5 billion over the next three years .
for travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects .
in recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers .
others have tried to spruce up frequent - flier programs .
previously , airlines were limiting the programs because they were becoming too expensive .
just last week , for example , trans world airlines and pan am corp. 's pan american world airways went so far as to offer cash rebates or gift checks of $ 200 to $ 1,000 to certain frequent - flier members making trans - atlantic flights in business class or first class .
the industry 's slowdown became apparent this month when amr corp. , parent of american airlines , reported an 8.8 % drop in third - quarter net income and said its fourth quarter would be " disappointing . "
shortly before that , usair had said its third - quarter results would be " significantly lower " than a year earlier .
yesterday , it provided the details : its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 68.5 million , or $ 1.58 a share , in the 1988 third quarter .
revenue rose only 3.3 % in the latest period , to $ 1.53 billion from $ 1.48 billion .
for the nine months , the arlington , va. , company 's net plunged 73 % to $ 38.5 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 142.2 million , or $ 3.28 a share .
revenue rose 12 % to $ 4.75 billion from $ 4.22 billion .
the results surprised many analysts , because usair has almost no competition in its pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of piedmont airlines .
shortly after announcing its quarterly loss , usair 's stock tumbled $ 3 a share .
it ended at $ 40.125 , down $ 2.375 , in new york stock exchange composite trading .
" nobody was expecting this size of a loss , " said paul karos , an analyst with first boston corp.
one airline executive , who declined to be identified , called the loss " amazing . "
in announcing the results , usair cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently .
it said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer .
to try to combat the traffic slowdown , airlines started reducing fares ; average fares rose only 1.7 % in august , in contrast to increases of 16 % each in february and march .
but so far , the effort has failed , and traffic is still slow .
some other fare promotions have backfired .
this summer , the industry introduced a " kids fly free " program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult .
airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected .
airlines also say their frequent - flier programs are squeezing profits because awards are being redeemed at a heavier - than - normal rate .
one airline official said about three times as many free - travel coupons are being turned in as in previous years -- not surprisingly , as the airlines last year allowed many travelers to build up mileage at triple the normal rate .
rising operating expenses are another problem .
fuel costs were up 10 % in the third quarter .
labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers .
and some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : usair , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by hurricane hugo last month .
" we can not quantify the total adverse effects of hugo , " said edwin colodny , chairman and president of usair group .
whatever the cause for the downturn , few people are predicting any sudden improvement .
airline economics inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 2.5 billion for 1989 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 3 billion to $ 3.5 billion .
as for 1990 , the firm predicts that profit will slip to between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion .
some house democrats are trying to head off an appointment by president bush to the board that oversees the savings - and - loan bailout , contending that the prospective nominee is the head of troubled banks himself .
four democrats on the house banking committee sent president bush a letter stating their concerns about the expected appointment of james simmons , an arizona banker and former fund - raiser for mr. bush , to the oversight board of the resolution trust corp.
the oversight board , created in the savings - and - loan law signed in august , sets policy for the rtc , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets .
treasury secretary nicholas brady , federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan and housing and urban development secretary jack kemp are members of the board .
president bush must appoint two other members , one a democrat and one a republican .
an administration official confirmed last week that mr. simmons , the chairman of valley national bank in phoenix , is the republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way .
the democratic appointee has n't been determined , the official said .
mr. simmons declined to comment , and the white house said the congressmen 's letter is under review .
the letter , dated last thursday , cited the losses at valley national , and at united bank , also of phoenix , where mr. simmons was chairman for 29 years .
both banks have been battered , as have other arizona banks , by falling real estate prices .
valley national , for example , had $ 470 million in problem assets as of june .
" we believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key rtc appointment , " the letter said .
" the rtc needs the most able , competent management available . "
but mr. simmons has long ties to both republicans and banking .
he was co - chairman of mr. bush 's arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for mr. bush in the 1980 election .
the two met more than 30 years ago , when mr. simmons worked for commercial bank & trust co. of midland , texas , where mr. bush was an organizing director .
in 1986 , mr. simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by william seidman , chairman of the federal deposit insurance corp. and the resolution trust corp.
that committee determined to open arizona to banking across state lines .
arizona trend magazine referred to mr. simmons this year as one of the 25 most influential people in the state .
the letter to mr. bush was signed by reps . bruce vento ( d. , minn. ) , the chairman of the banking committee 's rtc task force , thomas mcmillen ( d. , md. ) , kweisi mfume ( d. , md. ) and paul kanjorski ( d. , pa. ) .
aeg ag and siemens ag said they will launch their previously announced joint venture for power semiconductors in january .
the two west german electronics concerns said they have set up european power semiconductor co. to merge their activities in the field .
aeg and siemens each will hold a 50 % stake in the venture .
the joint venture will have nominal capital of 50 million marks ( $ 26.9 million ) and 700 employees .
it will develop , produce and market high - performance electronic parts .
siemens is west germany 's largest electronics group .
aeg is 80 % owned by daimler - benz ag , the country 's biggest industrial concern .
harsco corp. said it obtained a $ 33.1 million export order for armored recovery vehicles and related support equipment .
harsco declined to say what country placed the order .
the company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks and other heavy - tracked vehicles when they break down or are damaged , and an option for 16 more .
delivery is to begin in early 1991 .
harsco produces products for defense , industrial , commercial and construction markets .
your oct. 2 article on daniel yankelovich cited the quote " a good name is better than great riches " as being from cervantes ' " don quixote . "
actually , cervantes borrowed that quote from a writer of some 25 centuries earlier : israel 's king solomon wrote those words in the book of proverbs ( 22:1 ) .
michael e. hill san antonio , texas
how interestingly clever of robert goldberg to use the form of pretend advocacy journalism to explain his perception of " days of rage " in his television critique ( leisure & arts , sept 11 ) .
he chastises jo franklin - trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism , judging her project as " intellectually slipshod . "
was not the title very clear ?
one example he gives : " she did n't ask " ( why the palestinian children are soldiers throwing stones ) .
really now , did she have to ask ?
were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ?
mr. goldberg contends that even as " propaganda " the film fails because it presents only one view .
of course the palestinians complain about their treatment ; of course the israelis feel put upon .
but his complaint that " days of rage " does n't contain balanced comments from israelis about how badly the palestinians are behaving is irrelevant .
it 's like doing a documentary on apartheid and insisting that equal time be given to how terrific white south africans are .
this film did emphasize how long the israeli / palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of world war i when the british tried to guarantee both a jewish state and a palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done .
well , " days of rage " airing with before - and - after packaging , and after repeated delays , was a beginning .
every issue is multisided .
this film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media .
now we must endure a rash of critics who apparently wish to know details of one side only .
salaam .
shalom .
charlotte carpenter bainbridge island , wash.
for cathay pacific airways , the smooth ride may be ending .
the first signs of trouble came last month when the hong kong carrier , a subsidiary of swire pacific ltd. , posted a 5 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year .
securities analysts , many of whom scrapped their buy recommendations after seeing cathay 's interim figures , believe more jolts lie ahead .
fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through hong kong remains clouded by china 's turmoil since the june 4 killings in beijing .
in addition , delivery delays for the first two of as many as 28 boeing 747 - 400s that the carrier has ordered have raised costs because personnel had been hired to man the planes .
and tough competition in the air - freight market is cutting into an important sideline .
there also is concern that once hong kong reverts to china 's sovereignty in 1997 , cathay will be forced to play second fiddle to china 's often - disparaged flag carrier , civil aviation administration of china , or caac .
" the sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before , " says rod eddington , cathay 's commercial director .
sarah hall , an analyst at james capel ( far east ) ltd. , says there is n't much cathay can do about rising costs for jet fuel , hong kong 's tight labor market , or the strengthening of the local currency , which is pegged to the u.s. dollar .
these factors are further complicated by the airline 's push to transform itself from a regional carrier to an international one , ms. hall says .
ms. hall expects cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next .
in 1988 , it earned $ 2.82 billion hong kong ( us$ 361.5 million ) on revenue of hk$11.79 billion .
cathay is taking several steps to bolster business .
one step is to beef up its fleet .
in addition to aircraft from boeing co. , cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 20 airbus a330 - 300s .
the expansion , which could cost as much as us$ 5.7 billion over the next eight years , will expand the fleet to about 43 planes by 1991 , up from 30 at the end of last year , according to sun hung kai securities ltd.
the fuel - efficient airbus planes will be used largely to replace cathay 's aging fleet of lockheed tristars for regional flights , while the boeing aircraft will be used on long - haul routes to europe and north america .
cathay also is moving some of its labor - intensive data - processing operations outside hong kong .
fierce bidding for young employees in hong kong is pushing up cathay 's labor costs by 20 % a year for low - level staff , while experienced , skilled employees are leaving the colony as part of the brain drain .
some jobs already have been moved to australia , and there are plans to place others in canada .
david bell , a spokesman for the airline , says the move is partly aimed at retaining existing staff who are leaving to secure foreign passports ahead of 1997 .
cathay is working to promote hong kong as a destination worth visiting on its own merits , rather than just a stopover .
although the june 4 killings in beijing have hurt its china flights , cathay 's other routes have retained high load factors .
mr. eddington regards promoting hong kong as an important part of attracting visitors from japan , south korea and taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged .
there also has been speculation that cathay will be among the major private - sector participants in the hong kong government 's plans to build a new airport , with the carrier possibly investing in its own terminal .
cathay officials decline to comment on the speculation .
mr. eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly cathay 's recent link with amr corp. 's american airlines -- as an important part of cathay 's strategy .
but he emphasizes that cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the u.s. carrier or with lufthansa , the west german airline with which it has cooperated for about a decade .
analysts believe cathay is approached for such swaps by other carriers on a regular basis , particularly as the popularity of share exchanges has grown among european carriers .
" we think alliances are very important , " mr. eddington says .
" but we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's .
i 'm not sure cross - ownership would necessarily make things smoother . "
in a pattern it aims to copy in several key u.s. destinations , cathay recently announced plans to serve san francisco by flying into american airlines ' los angeles hub and routing continuing passengers onto a flight on the u.s. carrier .
" we 'll never have a big operation in the u.s. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the pacific , " mr. eddington says .
" but this way , american will coordinate good extensions to boston , new york , chicago and dallas .
we 'll coordinate on this end to places like bangkok , singapore and manila . "
asian traffic , which currently accounts for 65 % of cathay 's business , is expected to continue as the carrier 's mainstay .
cathay has long stated its desire to double its weekly flights into china to 14 , and it is applying to restart long - canceled flights into vietnam .
further expansion into southern europe is also possible , says mr. bell , the spokesman .
while a large number of hong kong companies have reincorporated offshore ahead of 1997 , such a move is n't an option for cathay because it would jeopardize its landing rights in hong kong .
and mr. eddington emphatically rules out a move to london : " our lifeblood is hong kong traffic rights . "
he says the airline is putting its faith in the sino - british agreement on hong kong 's return to china .
a special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for hong kong 's airlines , which include the smaller hong kong dragon airlines , will continue to be negotiated by hong kong 's government .
but critics fret that post-1997 officials ultimately will be responsible to beijing .
" my feeling is { cathay does n't } have a hope in the long run , " says an analyst , who declines to be identified .
" cathay would love to keep going , but the general sense is they 're going to have to do something . "
mr. eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the sino - british agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future .
" we 're confident that it protects our route structure , " he says , " and our ability to grow and prosper . "
friday , october 20 , 1989
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
prime rate : 10 1/2 % .
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks .
federal funds : 8 3/4 % high , 8 5/8 % low , 8 11/16 % near closing bid , 8 3/4 % offered .
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a. ) inc. discount rate : 7 % .
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank .
call money : 9 3/4 % to 10 % .
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
commercial paper : high - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days .
certificates of deposit : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year .
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
the minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months .
bankers acceptances : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.33 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.15 % 120 days ; 8.06 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days .
negotiable , bank - backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
london late eurodollars : 8 11/16 % to 8 9/16 % one month ; 8 11/16 % to 8 9/16 % two months ; 8 11/16 % to 8 9/16 % three months ; 8 5/8 % to 8 1/2 % four months ; 8 9/16 % to 8 7/16 % five months ; 8 1/2 % to 8 3/8 % six months .
london interbank offered rates ( libor ): 8 3/4 % one month ; 8 11/16 % three months ; 8 9/16 % six months ; 8 1/2 % one year .
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks .
foreign prime rates : canada 13.50 % ; germany 8.50 % ; japan 4.875 % ; switzerland 8.50 % ; britain 15 % .
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
treasury bills : results of the monday , october 16 , 1989 , auction of short - term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks .
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ): posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
9.84 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ): posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.78 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. merrill lynch ready assets trust : 8.52 % .
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
the neighborhood around alexander haagen co. 's vermont - slauson shopping center in the watts section of los angeles resembles the crime - ridden , deteriorating sections of many inner cities and certainly is n't the sort of area one would choose to visit .
but turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb .
only it is safer , and busier .
over the past year there have been only one burglary , three thefts of or from autos , no purse - snatchings , and one attempted robbery in the mall , which opened in late 1981 .
a shopping center of similar size in an affluent los angeles suburb would , per year , be expected to have eight burglaries , 70 thefts of or from autos , and four robberies .
the watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 350 per leasable square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 200 .
three other haagen shopping centers in the watts area are doing almost as well .
a successful low - crime mall in a high - crime area violates the more typical inner - city pattern , in which commercial areas are taken over by unruly youth , gangs , and the criminal element , with an erosion of the customer base , development capital , and insurability .
major regional and national chain stores are replaced by mom - and - pop operations offering poorer - quality merchandise at higher prices .
along with the exodus of shopping opportunities is an exodus of the jobs that the major chains used to provide to community residents .
thus there is even more to the vermont - slauson center than a good place to shop .
this defensible commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape , evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible .
the center improves the community image to outsiders as well , and may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment .
an additional benefit is the creation of jobs .
this starts in the construction phase through the use of minority contractors and local workers .
it continues through the life of the center ; the vermont - slauson center has created 500 permanent private - sector jobs at a one - time cost in public funds of only $ 2,500 per job .
as many of these jobs are filled by local residents , who move from the welfare rolls to the tax rolls , the $ 2,500 - per - job public investment should repay itself in a few years .
and that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on sales , real estate , licenses and the like .
profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non - profit vermont - slauson economic development corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the vermont - slauson center and uses the money to provide moderate and low - cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects .
bradford crowe , director of the mayor 's city economic development office , says : " there is no question that vermont - slauson had a halo effect on the surrounding neighborhood .
what had been a deteriorated area with nothing but wig shops and shoe shops is now experiencing a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock , thanks to a continuously replenished source of revitalization capital that vermont - slauson yields . "
another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women .
in the grand boulevard plaza developed by matanky realty group in chicago 's third ward , opposite the robert taylor homes , 29 % of the stores to date have been leased to blacks and 14 % to members of other minority groups .
children from the community will have worthier role models than the drug kingpins .
so what 's the catch ?
primarily that putting one of these inner - city deals together takes time , patience , breadth of vision and negotiating skills that not all developers possess .
security costs are also quite high .
one of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , local political leaders , and citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing .
suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner - city deals just have more of them .
security at a typical haagen inner - city center is impressive , but unobtrusive .
the entire site is enclosed by a 6 - to-8 - foot - high ornamental iron fence with a small number of remote - controlled gates .
shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non - fortress - like appearance .
infrared motion detectors and closed - circuit tv cameras monitor the entire center ; lighting levels are three to five times the industry standard .
the security command post , camouflaged as second - story retail space , has its own " crow 's nest " above the roofs of the other buildings , with a panoramic view of the entire center .
local law enforcement is present in a sub - station occupying space donated by the center .
these features are also used in matanky realty group 's grand boulevard plaza .
haagen has its own large security force of well - trained and well - paid personnel on round - the - clock duty at each center .
security is 60 % to 70 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 15 % .
these security costs are kept off - budget because the centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs as urban development action grants , economic development administration grants , community development block grants , tax - free industrial development bonds , enterprise zone tax write - offs , city infrastructure grants , and tax increment financing .
many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back .
however , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions .
many states already have enterprise zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities .
these programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , identifying sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it .
combatting crime and the fear of it in inner - city commercial areas should give enterprise zones more success than most have enjoyed to date .
with many suburban areas basically overbuilt with shopping centers , inner - city areas may represent a major new untapped market for investment .
new approaches to mall design and operation make it possible to tap these markets .
if the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond .
government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high - risk areas should visit vermont - slauson and grand boulevard plaza and decide for themselves .
the answer will be obvious .
mr. titus is a researcher at the justice department 's national institute of justice .
( see related story : " small merchants ' big burdens " -- wsj oct. 23 , 1989 )
if growth regains its glamour among investors , a sluggish segment of the nasdaq over - the - counter market could show some flash .
some stock pickers already are targeting the otc market , where , they say , await plenty of small- and medium - sized growth stocks .
best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue - chip cousins on the new york stock exchange , are languishing at depressed prices .
growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters caused by the market 's steep slide on oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements .
against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal .
" the market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , " declares mary farrell , a painewebber analyst .
among her otc picks are oshkosh b'gosh and a&w brands .
like many otc growth issues , they have market values -- as measured by stock price times shares outstanding -- of roughly $ 100 million to $ 500 million .
some like to specialize in growth companies whose shares have n't traded publicly very long .
these are sometimes dubbed " emerging " growth companies , though they also have expanding - profit track records .
while many growth stocks are small , not all small stocks have earnings - growth momentum .
that 's an important distinction because some analysts and brokers , who perennially predict that small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues , may use any spurt in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks .
" you can find some good , quality companies over the counter , " but investors should be selective , says john palicka , chief portfolio manager at midco investors , a newark , n.j. , money management company with about $ 900 million invested in growth stocks of varying sizes .
mr. palicka 's picks from the otc market include legent , mail boxes etc . , and payco american .
the main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy .
" if the market refocuses on earnings , we should get better valuations of growth stocks , " says l. keith mullins , a growth - stock analyst at morgan stanley .
eventually , he believes , investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth .
in anticipation of that shift , he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now .
understandably , smaller growth stocks have n't been in favor recently .
the average issue on standard & poor 's 500 - stock index gained 35 % last year , ms. farrell of painewebber says .
smaller - stock earnings , by comparison , rose between 15 % and 20 % .
in addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock - picking standards for much of the year .
also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips .
as a result , morgan stanley 's index of 40 emerging growth stocks -- most of which are in the otc market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the dow jones industrial average has leaped 24 % and the s&p 500 has grown 25 % .
the nasdaq composite has gained 23 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 100 largest nonfinancial stocks , which have soared 30 % .
some investors are skeptical of growth stocks because investing in them means ignoring that maxim found in the fine print of some investment advertisements -- that past performance is n't indicative of future results .
" people are naturally suspicious of them , " says mr. mullins of morgan stanley .
among his favorites in his firm 's index are legent , silicon graphics and novell .
however , more money managers are reassured that profit is regaining importance .
mark schoeppner , portfolio manager at pittsburgh - based quaker capital management , says that in reaction to nervousness about debt - laden buy - out transactions , analysts and investors now appear to be " valuing stock based on future earnings as opposed to the amount of debt the company can support . "
barney hallingby , managing director of research at hambrecht & quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions .
on friday , hambrecht & quist added st. jude medical to the list of 20 stocks it strongly recommends .
the opinion is largely based on the company 's earnings momentum , mr. hallingby says .
st. jude 's market value on nasdaq exceeds $ 1 billion , so it is n't a small stock .
the medical devices maker 's earnings rose nearly 35 % in 1987 from 1986 , and 75 % in 1988 .
kurt kruger , who follows the stock for hambrecht & quist , anticipates that the company 's net income will grow 51 % to $ 2.15 a share this year .
st. jude finished up 1/4 to 44 1/2 on friday .
friday 's market activity the nasdaq composite index eased 0.13 to 470.67 .
the composite finished up 0.7 % from last friday 's close .
it was a busy week for otc stocks .
friday 's volume totaled 158.2 million shares ; the daily average for the week was a bustling 176.7 million .
valley national lost 1 3/8 to 17 1/8 on volume of 1.9 million shares .
the company reported a big third - quarter loss on thursday .
merchants bank of new york lost 1 to 106 after reporting that its third - quarter net income fell to $ 1.62 a share from last year 's $ 1.67 a share .
eliot savings bank lost 7/8 to 1 5/8 after reporting that it had a $ 4.8 million loss in the latest third quarter mostly because of loan - loss provisions .
in the 1988 quarter , the bank earned $ 1.1 million .
one bank stock was a winner .
banponce jumped 4 1/2 to 47 3/4 after agreeing to be acquired by banco popular de puerto rico for $ 56.25 a share .
banco popular , meanwhile , dropped 1 1/4 to 21 1/2 .
sierra tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list .
the company 's shares began trading at 12 1/2 , up from its initial offering price of 12 , and closed at 13 .
sierra tucson operates an addiction treatment center .
among declining issues , a weak earnings outlook drove groundwater technology down 6 1/4 to 24 .
the company said results for its second quarter ended oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year - earlier quarter .
medstone international plummeted 3 1/4 to 7 1/4 .
a food and drug administration advisory panel has asked that medstone perform more studies on its device to treat gallstones .
qintex entertainment dropped 2 5/8 to 1 1/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , hal roach studios and qintex productions .
raymond corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant .
as a result , the company has suspended its quarterly dividend .
mccaw cellular communications and its target , lin broadcasting , were active .
lin added 5/8 to 110 5/8 and mccaw lost 1/4 to 41 .
mccaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $ 125 - a - share bid for 22 million of lin 's shares .
mccaw has called for a " fair auction " of lin , which earlier entered a stock - swap merger pact with bellsouth .
following the release of the company 's fourth - quarter earnings , apple computer dropped 3/4 to 48 on volume of more than 2.3 million shares .
apple earned $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share , in the quarter , including $ 48 million from the sale of its adobe systems stock .
immunex corp. said its scientists isolated a molecule which may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune - system , ranging from organ - transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma .
the molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor .
il-4 is a hormone which directs the growth and function of white blood cells involved in the body 's immune response .
the il-4 receptor on the surface of such cells receives the hormone 's message to rally the body 's defense .
but in certain conditions such as autoimmune diseases and allergies and transplant rejection , doctors would like to damp the immune response so such cells do n't touch off harmful inflammatory reactions or cell destruction .
a soluble form of the receptor might turn off a specific part of the immune response without general immune suppression , the company said .
the il-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by receptech corp. , a spinoff of immunex , through a proposed $ 30 million initial public offering .
immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents .
immunex will have the option to buy back receptech shares after five years .
philip morris cos . , whose benson & hedges cigarette brand has been losing market share , has asked at least one other agency to try its hand at creative work for the big account , which has been at wells rich greene inc. since 1966 .
executives close to philip morris said that the tobacco and food giant has asked backer spielvogel bates worldwide inc. , a unit of saatchi & saatchi co. , and possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account .
several executives said another potential contender is wpp group 's ogilvy & mather agency , which works on some other philip morris products .
both philip morris and backer spielvogel declined to comment .
a spokeswoman for ogilvy & mather said the agency does n't comment on " idle speculation . "
also mentioned as a contender was tbwa advertising , but the company denied it was participating .
the loss of the cigarette account would be a severe blow to wells rich .
benson & hedges has been one of its most high - visibility campaigns , as well as one of its largest clients .
the account billed almost $ 60 million last year , according to leading national advertisers .
but philip morris has scaled back ad spending on the brand over the past year , industry executives said , and it now bills about $ 30 million to $ 40 million .
industry executives said philip morris had asked the other agencies to create campaigns in a bid to stop the brand 's slipping market share .
according to john maxwell , an analyst at wheat first securities , richmond , va. , benson & hedges has slipped from 4.7 % of the cigarette market in 1985 to just 4.1 % after the second quarter of this year .
the brand is no . 7 overall in the cigarette business , mr. maxwell said .
the slip has come despite high - profile ads created by wells rich , including one picturing a young man clad only in pajama bottoms interrupting a festive brunch .
that ad generated so much publicity that a trade magazine launched a contest for its readers to guess who the guy was and what he was doing .
wells rich first popularized the benson & hedges brand more than 20 years ago with ads portraying , among other things , an elevator door closing on a passenger 's cigarette .
the brand early on achieved an upscale appeal -- a trait that some analysts believe is partly responsible for its staid performance .
philip morris , trying to revive the benson & hedges franchise , put the account up for review in 1986 .
wells rich greene , however , in an effort directed by mary wells lawrence , emerged the victor of the review and retained the business .
kenneth olshan , wells rich 's chairman , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
while wells rich recently picked up hertz corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million cadbury - schweppes canada dry and sunkist accounts , the $ 18 million procter & gamble co. sure deodorant account and the $ 10 million polo / ralph lauren business .
its victories include more than $ 30 million in sheraton corp. business and an assignment from dun & bradstreet worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million .
vickers plc , a united kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by new zealand financier ron brierley raised its stake in the company friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week .
i.e.p. securities ltd. , a unit of mr. brierley 's hong kong - based industrial equity ( pacific ) ltd. , boosted its holdings in vickers to 38.8 million shares .
the latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months .
in may , mr. brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year .
" ron brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , " a vickers spokesman said .
the spokesman refused to comment on speculation that industrial equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company .
vickers makes tanks for the u.k. army , rolls royce cars , and has marine and medical businesses .
lep group plc of britain , which holds a 62.42 % stake in profit systems inc. , said it is considering courses of action that could result in its having " active control " of the company .
in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , lep group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the profit systems shares it does n't already own .
it noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction .
lep group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 profit systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said .
profit systems , valley stream , n.y. , is an air freight forwarding concern .
four former cordis corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the miami - based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects .
jurors in u.s. district court in miami cleared harold hershhenson , a former executive vice president ; john pagones , a former vice president ; and stephen vadas and dean ciporkin , who had been engineers with cordis .
earlier this year , cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs .
cordis sold its pacemaker operations two years ago to telectronics holding ltd. of australia .
lebanese lawmakers approved a peace plan but aoun rejected it .
lebanon 's parliament passed the power - sharing accord to end the country 's 14 - year - old conflict , but the christian military leader wad the plan was " full of ambiguities . "
the arab league - sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the saudi arabian resort of taif , includes syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for moslems and christians in the parliament .
the rejection by aoun , who has demanded a total and immediate pull - out of damascus 's 33,000 troops , puts the future of the agreement in doubt .
northern california braced for earthquake - related traffic jams .
as rescuers pressed their efforts after finding a survivor in a collapsed freeway , the san francisco bay area girded for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes ravaged by last tuesday 's tremor .
in oakland , officials said the 57 - year - old longshoreman who spent four days entombed in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement .
estimates of damage in the area , visited friday by bush , topped $ 5 billion .
the baseball commissioner announced that the third game of the world series between the giants and the athletics would n't resume until friday .
the u.s. is required to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plans .
under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the reagan administration and the senate intelligence panel last year , the u.s. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives .
the existence of the policy became known after bush disclosed it to seven gop senators last week , citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions , officials said .
bush conceded that the requirement did n't affect a decision to lend only minor support to this month 's failed effort to oust panama 's noriega , aides said .
the shuttle atlantis 's crew prepared to return to earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at edwards air force base , calif.
the five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the mojave desert .
commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving south africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals .
the 49 - nation organization , meeting in malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately .
britain 's prime minister thatcher alone dissented .
east germany 's leadership vowed swift action to ease travel to the west .
despite the pledge by the communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms .
in leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes .
the senate convicted federal judge alcee hastings of miami of eight impeachment articles , removing him from the bench .
the chamber voted 69 - 26 friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy .
it marked the first time a u.s. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him .
rep. garcia and his wife were found guilty by a federal jury in new york of extorting $ 76,000 from wedtech corp. in return for official acts by the new york democrat .
the jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 interest - free loan from an officer of the defunct defense contractor .
authorities in honduras launched an investigation into the cause of saturday 's crash of a honduran jetliner that killed 132 of the 146 people aboard .
the boeing 727 , en route to honduras from costa rica via nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds .
the u.s. and israel have been holding what an aide to prime minister shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over mideast peace moves .
the labor party , meanwhile , threatened to support a parliamentary motion to topple the coalition unless shamir showed flexibility on arab - israeli talks .
nicaragua 's defense ministry said a group of contra rebels ambushed two trucks carrying troops in northern nicaragua , killing 18 of the soldiers .
the incident occurred saturday night .
the sandinista government and the u.s.-backed insurgents agreed in march to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting .
scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ - transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , immunex corp. said .
the molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells .
died : alfred hayes , 79 , former president of the federal reserve bank of new york , saturday , in new canaan , conn.
the list of laboratories claiming to be producing inexplicable amounts of heat from " cold fusion " experiments is slowly growing .
but the experiments continue to be plagued by lack of firm evidence that the extra heat is coming from the fusing of hydrogen atoms .
new experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a texas experiment to support university of utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures .
the latest developments in cold fusion research were presented in 24 reports delivered at the fall meeting here of the electrochemical society , the first scientific meeting in five months to hear formal reports on cold fusion experiments .
the meeting offered stark evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research .
of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society 's weeklong meeting , fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week 's end .
this was in contrast with the society 's meeting last may , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and tv crews , crowded into a los angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject .
neither of the two chemists whose utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , martin fleischmann and b. stanley pons , were at the meeting .
but some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the department of energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience .
the committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether doe should support cold fusion research .
most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis - of - water experiments described last march by messrs. fleischmann and pons .
the experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into " heavy " water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium .
when an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate .
ordinarily the electrolysis , or breakup , of the water would consume almost all of the electrical energy .
but messrs. fleischmann and pons said their experiments also produced large amounts of heat .
the heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in , they reported .
because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the " excess " heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod .
as of last weekend , a dozen labs also have reported measuring " excess " heat from similar electrolytic experiments , although amounts of such heat vary widely .
one of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by richard a. oriani , professor of chemical engineering at the university of minnesota .
mr. oriani said his skepticism of the utah claims was initially confirmed when his first experiments last spring failed to produce results .
but he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at texas a&m who said they were getting excess heat .
" the results were fascinating , " he said .
on the fourth " run " with the borrowed rod , the experiment began producing excess heat .
the experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument .
when it was restarted , heat output " really took off " and produced excess heat for several hours before dying down , he said .
typical of other experiments , mr. oriani said his experiment was " very erratic . "
it would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down .
the excess heat was 15 % to 20 % more than the energy involved in the electrolysis of water .
mr. oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested .
" there is a reality to the excess energy , " he said .
other scientists said they also were getting sporadic bursts of excess heat lasting several hours at a time .
the bursts often occur , they said , after they " perturbed " the experiments by raising or lowering the amount of electric current being applied , or switching the current off and on .
one chemist privately suggested this hinted that some " anomalous " chemical reactions might be producing the heat .
one reason questions surround the heat experiments is that they involve unusually meticulous measurements .
typically , the input energy ranges from a third of a watt to one watt and the excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt .
one exception is a continuing experiment at stanford university where as much as 10 watts of energy are being put into the electrolytic cells .
a cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported turgut m. gur , an associate of materials scientist robert a. huggins , head of the stanford experimental team .
one of the few hints the excess heat might be produced by fusion came from brief remarks by chemist john bockris of texas a&m university .
mr. bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water .
he said that within the past few days , he 's gotten evidence that there is a " weak correlation " between the time the heat bursts occur and the production of tritium .
there is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon .
increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative .
messrs. fleischmann and pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable .
researchers at sandia national laboratories in albuquerque , n.m. , reported they went so far as to take a " cold fusion " experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays .
a number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors , but only once during 411 hours of the experiment did they detect a neutron burst in all three detectors -- and they think that was a spurious event .
shimson gottesfeld of los alamos national laboratory said researchers there detected a burst of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last april but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it .
in subsequent experiments , one of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons but neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time .
they concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from faults in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment .
at the lawrence berkeley laboratory in california , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which messrs. fleischmann and pons might have misinterpreted , reported philip ross from the california laboratory .
fox hunting has been defined as the unspeakable in pursuit of the inedible , but at least it 's exercise .
at least it has a little dash .
most of us have to spend our time on pursuits that afford neither , drab duties rather than pleasures .
like trying to buy life insurance , for instance , an endeavor notably lacking in dash .
call it the uninformed trudging after the incomprehensible .
but sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root - canal work .
and my time has come .
i 'm 33 , married , no children , and employed in writing stories like this one .
in times past , life - insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two - income family and accustomed to it .
so if anything happened to me , i 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33 - year - old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , i admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury ) .
figuring that maybe $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy i wanted , i looked at the myriad products of a dozen companies -- and plunged into a jungle of gibberish .
over the past decade or two , while i was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations .
besides term life and whole life ( the old standbys ) , we now have universal life , universal variable life , flexible adjustable universal life , policies with persistency bonuses , policies festooned with exotic riders , living benefit policies , and on and on .
what to do ?
first , generalize .
shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so - called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive .
if all you want is death - benefit coverage , pure insurance -- a term policy -- gives you maximum bang for your buck , within limits .
it 's much cheaper than permanent insurance bought at the same age .
but " term " means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires .
it may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it .
even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older .
so term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks .
there are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to permanent insurance , and many others .
one variation that appealed to me at first was the " money smart term life " policy offered by amex life insurance co. , the american express unit , to the parent company 's credit - card holders .
upon examination , however , i wondered whether the plan made a lot of sense .
amex said it would charge me $ 576 a year for $ 100,000 of coverage -- and would pay me back all the premiums i put in if i canceled the policy after 10 years .
sounds great -- or does it ?
first , if i canceled , i 'd have no more insurance , a not insignificant consideration .
second , the $ 5,760 i 'd get back would be much diminished in purchasing power by 10 years of inflation ; amex , not i , would get the benefit of the investment income on my money , income that would have exceeded the inflation rate and thus given the company a real profit .
third and most important , amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; i 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that i 'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile .
that would be all right with amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a " smart money " move for me .
which goes to show that the first law applies in insurance as in anything else : there is no free lunch , there is only marketing .
and the second law , unique to insurance ?
if i die early , i win -- a hollow victory , since i ca n't enjoy it -- and if i live long , the insurer wins .
always .
this is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance , the kind that amasses cash value .
the word " death " can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about " savings " and " investment " instead .
the implication is that your permanent - insurance policy is really some kind of cd or mutual - fund account with an added feature .
that is gilding the lily .
the fact is that as a savings or investment vehicle , insurance generally runs a poor second to any direct investment you might make in the same things the insurance company is putting your money into .
that 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package .
again , no free lunch .
this is reflected in a built - in mortality cost -- in effect , your share of the company 's estimated liability in paying off beneficiaries of people who had the effrontery to die while under its protection .
and in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this .
so view permanent insurance for what it is -- a compromise between pure insurance and direct investment .
the simplest , most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy .
you pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage , the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing , and your cash value and dividends grow over the years .
one newer wrinkle , so called single - premium life ( you pay for the whole policy at once ) , has been immensely popular in recent years for tax reasons ; the insured could extract cash value in the form of policy " loans , " and none of the proceeds were taxable even though they included gains on investment .
congress closed this loophole last year , or thought it did .
however , monarch capital corp. of springfield , mass. , has developed a " combination plan " of annuity and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences .
but the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax - free is very small .
i 'm not prepared in any case to put that much money into a policy immediately , so i look into the broad category called universal life .
hugely popular , it is far more flexible than straight whole life .
i can adjust the amount of insurance i want against the amount going into investment ; i can pay more or less than the so - called target premium in a given year ; and i can even skip payments if my cash reserves are enough to cover the insurance portion of the policy .
in looking at these and other policies , i learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into " policy illustrations " -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years .
they commonly give two scenarios : one is based on interest rates that the company guarantees ( usually 4 % to 4.5 % ) and the other on the rate it is currently getting on investment , often 8.5 % or more .
projecting the latter over several decades , i find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ?
not likely , i think .
also , some policy illustrations assume that mortality costs will decline or that i will get some sort of dividend bonus after the 10th year .
these are not certain , either .
companies " are n't comfortable playing these games , but they realize they 're under pressure to make their policies look good , " says timothy pfiefer , an actuarial consultant at tillinghast , a unit of towers perrin co. , the big new york consulting firm .
another factor to consider : some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately .
there are seemingly endless twists to universal life , and it pays to ask questions about all of them .
at a back - yard barbecue , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her john hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be " guaranteed . "
i call her agent , david dominici .
yes , he says , premiums on such variable - rate coverage can be structured to " vanish " after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection .
if interest rates plunge , the insurer may be knocking on my door , asking for steeper premium payments to maintain the same amount of protection .
i do n't like the sound of that .
some insurers have also started offering " persistency bonuses , " such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 10 years .
but glenn daily , a new york - based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are " just fantasies , " because most are n't guaranteed by the companies .
and the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments .
so - called living - benefits provisions also merit a close inspection .
offered by insurers that include security - connecticut life insurance co. , jackson national life insurance co. , and national travelers life insurance co. , these policy riders let me tap a portion of my death benefits while i 'm still alive .
some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy 's face value to pay for long - term care such as nursing - home stays ; others would allow payments for catastrophic illnesses and conditions such as cancer , heart attarcks , renal failure and kidney transplants .
but the catastrophic events for which the policyholder can collect are narrowly defined , vary from policy to policy , and generally permit use of only a small fraction of the face amount of insurance .
also , financial planners advising on insurance say that to their knowledge there has not yet been a tax ruling exempting these advance payments from taxes .
and considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing - home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it .
i 'm more favorably impressed by " no - load life , " even though it turns out to be low - load life .
insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial " setup " charges -- but i figure that the lack of commission and of " surrender fees " for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot .
i compared one universal policy for $ 130,000 face amount from such an insurer , american life insurance corp. of lincoln , neb. , with a similar offering from equitable life assurance society of the u.s. , which operates through 11,000 commissioned salesmen .
after one year i could walk away from the ameritas policy with $ 792 , but i d get only $ 14 from the equitable .
the difference is magnified by time , too .
at age 65 , when i 'd stop paying premiums , the ameritas offering would have a projected cash value $ 14,000 higher than the other , even though the equitable 's policy illustration assumed a fractionally higher interest rate .
did i buy it ?
well , not yet .
i 'm thinking about using the $ 871 annual premium to finance a trip to paris first .
a person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she 's doing it .
as the sponsor of the " older americans freedom to work act , " which would repeal the social security earnings limit for people aged 65 and older , i applaud your strong endorsement to repeal this depression - era fossil .
for every dollar earned over $ 8,880 , social security recipients lose 50 cents of their social security benefits ; it 's like a 50 % marginal tax .
but the compounded effects of " seniors only " taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates .
imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic surtax .
although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 4,930 to offset her catastrophic surtax of $ 496 .
eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit .
repeal would generate more in new taxes than the government would lose in increased social security benefit payments .
we now need support from the democrats on the rules committee in order to include earnings - limit reform in the reconciliation bill .
since all four republicans on the committee are co - sponsors of my bill , it is the democrats who will be held fully accountable if an earnings test amendment is not allowed from the floor .
the time is now to lift the burdensome social security earnings limit from the backs of our nation 's seniors .
rep. j. dennis hastert ( r. , ill. ) washington
the sales pitch could n't sound better .
first , there 's the name : " asset - backed securities . "
better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing .
and there 's more .
the assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions .
most earn high ratings from credit agencies .
their yields are higher than those of u.s. treasury issues .
and the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors .
ready to jump ?
well , think twice .
the concept may be simple : take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors .
but the simplicity may be misleading .
skeptics say the slightly higher returns are n't enough to compensate for the extra risk .
they warn that asset - backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate .
moreover , the securities were introduced only about 4 1/2 years ago ; the biggest unknown is how they will fare in a recession .
" a lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , " says owen carney , director of the investment securities division of the u.s. comptroller of the currency .
" we do n't know how this whole market will work in a serious economic downturn . "
such concerns , however , have n't stopped asset - backed securities from becoming one of wall street 's hottest new products .
since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities .
they have sold issues backed by car loans , boat loans and recreational - vehicle loans .
they have offered bundles of homeequity loans , as well as packages of loans used to buy vacation time - shares .
last year , there was an issue of " death - backed bonds " -- securities backed by loans to life - insurance policyholders .
some predict there will be " third world bonds , " backed by loans to brazil , argentina and other debt - ridden nations .
and the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit - card receivables , sometimes known as " plastic bonds . "
" this is the heyday of debt , " says james grant , editor of grant 's interest rate observer , a newsletter .
" before the sun sets on the ' 80s , it seems nothing will be left unhocked . "
the result is a $ 45 billion market , according to securities data co.
that includes more than $ 9.5 billion issued through august of this year , up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more than in all of 1987 .
most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions .
but wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset - backed market .
the entry fee is affordable : issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 .
" we expect additional offerings " of asset - backed securities targeted toward individual investors , says bill addiss , a senior vice president at shearson lehman hutton inc.
the process typically begins when an institution , such as citibank or sears , roebuck & co. , takes a pool of credit - card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust .
the trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- that are underwritten by wall street brokerage firms and offered to investors .
issues typically come with " credit enhancements , " such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings .
enthusiasts say the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers , while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions .
asset - backed securities " are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds , " says craig j. goldberg , managing director and head of the asset - backed securities group at merrill lynch capital markets .
but skeptics question whether asset - backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks .
consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by citibank credit - card receivables .
the triple - a - rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four - year treasury issues .
on a $ 10,000 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 50 a year .
that kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street .
but for individuals who buy much smaller amounts and care less about relative performance than in preserving what they have , that margin is meaningless .
" if you 're in the bond business playing the relative - performance derby , then even an extra 25 basis points ( 0.25 percentage point ) becomes an important consideration on a career basis , " says mr. grant .
" but if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance . "
moreover , the interest on asset - backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on treasury issues is tax - free at the state and local level .
that 's why some investment managers , such as alex powers , a vice president of chase manhattan bank 's private banking division , do n't recommend most asset - backed issues for individuals in high - tax states , such as new york or california .
but mr. powers has purchased asset - backed issues for individuals with tax - deferred accounts , such as retirement plans .
he points out that institutions buying asset - backed issues in large quantities can earn higher spreads over treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts .
another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash .
the secondary , or resale , market for asset - backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for treasury issues .
that could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature .
that 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time - share loans .
" you could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , " says jonathan s. paris , a vice president of european investors inc. , a new york investment - management firm .
in addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the new york stock exchange , can simply check newspaper listings .
there are n't any such listings for asset - backed securities .
evaluating asset - backed securities poses another problem .
investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities .
it is n't .
the front cover of the prospectus for the citibank credit - card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and " do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , citibank n.a. , citicorp or any affiliate thereof . "
in other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect citibank to come to the rescue .
the prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency .
that means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received .
that also is n't easy .
take the " credit enhancements , " which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a bond - insurance company .
the letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities .
nor does it cover the entire portfolio .
details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue .
still , they play a crucial role in winning top ratings for most asset - backed issues -- which in turn is why the yield above treasurys is so slim .
but skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government - guaranteed paper .
when you buy an asset - backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties .
if a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to third world nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset - backed issues that the bank supports .
underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions .
but despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets .
at a time when americans are leveraged to their eyeballs , asset - backed investors may be taking a heady gamble that consumers will be able to repay loans in hard times .
at the very least , a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest - quality bonds they can find -- that is , treasurys .
that could widen the yield spread between treasurys and asset - backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter .
but it could be much worse .
some analysts are especially wary of credit - card issues .
for one thing , credit - card loans are unsecured .
in addition , they fear that banks have been overeager to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big spenders who will default during a recession .
" a day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest - quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is u.s. government bonds , " says craig corcoran of davis / zweig futures inc. , an investment advisory firm .
what about triple - a - rated asset - backed issues ?
" nope , we still say to stick with treasurys , " mr. corcoran replies .
ratings , he notes , " are subject to change . "
all this makes asset - backed securities seem too risky for many people .
and it reminds raymond f. devoe jr. , a market strategist at legg mason wood walker inc. , of what he calls " devoe 's unprovable but highly probable theory no . 1 : " more money has been lost reaching for yield than in all the stock speculations , scams and frauds of all time . "
mr. herman is a staff reporter in the wall street journal 's new york bureau .
volume of asset - backed securities issued annually * principal amount * * as of august 30 * principal amount source : securities data co.
dell computer corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per - share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts .
although the personal computer maker said it expects revenue to meet or exceed previous projections of $ 385 million for the year ending jan. 28 , 1990 , earnings are expected to be 25 cents to 35 cents a share , down from previous estimates of 50 cents to 60 cents .
earnings for fiscal 1989 were $ 14.4 million , or 80 cents a share , on sales of $ 257.8 million .
results for the third quarter ending oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of november , according to michael dell , chairman and chief executive officer .
mr. dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third - quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share .
in the third quarter last year , dell had net income of $ 5 million , or 26 cents a share , on sales of $ 75.2 million .
mr. dell attributed the earnings slide to new product delays , such as a laptop scheduled for september that wo n't be introduced until early november .
some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably intel corp. 's newest chip , the 486 -- but others apparently have been caused by dell 's explosive growth and thinly stretched resources .
" they 've got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time , " observes jim poyner , a computer securities analyst with dallas - based william k. woodruff & co.
mr. dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was " definitely too optimistic " in its expectations .
product delays , however , have left dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread - and - butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors compaq computer corp. and international business machines corp. price their pcs more aggressively .
the result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion .
analyst james weil of the soundview financial group believes dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , " in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . "
but that has been the key to compaq 's success , he adds , whereas dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low - cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy .
in national over - the - counter trading , dell closed yesterday at $ 6 a share , down 87.5 cents .
thursday , october 19 , 1989
the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
prime rate : 10 1/2 % .
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks .
federal funds : 8 3/4 % high , 8 5/8 % low , 8 11/16 % near closing bid , 8 11/16 % offered .
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a. ) inc. discount rate : 7 % .
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank .
call money : 9 3/4 % to 10 % .
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 73 days ; 8.325 % 74 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
commercial paper : high - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.525 % 30 days ; 8.425 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days .
certificates of deposit : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year .
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
the minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.45 % six months .
bankers acceptances : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days .
negotiable , bank - backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
london late eurodollars : 8 11/16 % to 8 9/16 % one month ; 8 11/16 % to 8 9/16 % two months ; 8 11/16 % to 8 9/16 % three months ; 8 5/8 % to 8 1/2 % four months ; 8 9/16 % to 8 7/16 % five months ; 8 9/16 % to 8 7/16 % six months .
london interbank offered rates ( libor ): 8 3/4 % one month ; 8 11/16 % three months ; 8 9/16 % six months ; 8 9/16 % one year .
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks .
foreign prime rates : canada 13.50 % ; germany 8.50 % ; japan 4.875 % ; switzerland 8.50 % ; britain 15 % .
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
treasury bills : results of the monday , october 16 , 1989 , auction of short - term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks .
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ): posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
9.87 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ): posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.81 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. merrill lynch ready assets trust : 8.50 % .
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
china said the question of taiwan 's membership in the general agreement on tariffs and trade should be considered only after china 's own membership in the 97 - nation organization is restored .
both china and taiwan are seeking seats in gatt , which sponsors trade - liberalizing agreements and sets world - commerce rules .
" as one of china 's provinces , taiwan has no right to join gatt on its own , " foreign ministry spokesman li zhaoxing said .
china , under the nationalist government of chiang kai - shek , was a founding member of gatt in 1947 .
the nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to taiwan , and the communist government in beijing applied for restoration of china 's membership in july 1986 .
the u.s. has voiced opposition to china 's bid for gatt membership , saying china has yet to undertake needed economic reforms .
japan 's biggest women 's underwear maker , wacoal corp. , said that it developed a sports car that it plans to market in two years .
the " jiotto caspita " can run at over 188 miles an hour , a company spokesman said .
the base price of the car is estimated at 30 million yen ( about $ 213,000 ) .
wacoal said it intends to produce the cars through a car manufacturer .
along with the car , wacoal plans to launch a series of caspita - brand men 's underwear .
" our image is a company that makes women 's products , " said a wacoal spokesman .
" now , we 're going to sell to men . "
the british satirical magazine private eye won an appeal against the size of a $ 960,000 libel award to sonia sutcliffe , the estranged wife of the " yorkshire ripper " mass murderer .
an appeals - court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 from the award , the largest ever set by a british jury , pending a reassessment of the damages .
but the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled mrs. sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband .
private eye had been threatened with closure because it could n't afford the libel payment .
senshukai co. , a travel agent based in osaka , japan , announced that it and nissho iwai corp. , a major japanese trading house , will jointly build a 130 - unit condominium in queensland , australia .
senshukai said the partners plan to rent to tourists but will also sell to interested parties .
senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture and nissho iwai has the rest .
construction of the 34 - floor building will begin next may and should be completed in april 1992 .
units will cost from 500,000 to 3.5 million australian dollars ( about us$ 386,000 to us$ 2.7 million ) .
the soviet union has halted construction of two chernobyl - type nuclear reactors and is reassessing the future of 12 other existing reactors .
viktor sidorenko , vice chairman of the state committee on nuclear safety , said the two reactors were at kursk and smolensk .
news of the halt comes amid growing anger in the ukraine and byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from chernobyl .
a former vice president of the singapore branch of drexel burnham lambert group inc. was charged in court yesterday on 19 counts of cheating .
francis dang , 41 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating drexel burnham lambert of up to 2.1 million singapore dollars ( us$ 1.1 million ) by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the london commodities exchange and the international petroleum exchange .
mr. dang is alleged to have used the account of singapore hotel and property magnate ong beng seng to effect the transactions .
japan says its economic growth will fall sharply if it cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas to cap emissions of carbon dioxide .
a ministry of international trade and industry official said that a study found that japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon - dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons .
the study will support arguments against capping carbon - dioxide emissions that japan will make at a u.n.-backed conference on atmospheric pollution next month .
the study said japan 's carbon - dioxide emissions would slightly more than double by 2010 unless the nation reduced its dependence on fossil fuels .
it said that expanding nuclear - power capability is the quickest way to lessen that dependence .
but increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said .
just in time for halloween , britain 's oxford university press is publishing a " dictionary of superstitions . "
the books 1,500 entries include stepping on cracks and knocking on wood ....
in new zealand 's tiny township of kaitaia , which has had direct dialing for less than a year , about 30 angry phone - company customers questioned the size of their bills .
it turned out their children had been dialing a " sex fantasy " service in the u.s.
mca inc. said third - quarter net fell 6.3 % to $ 50.8 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 54.3 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier .
mca said revenue rose 14 % to $ 918.4 million from $ 806.7 million .
the entertainment concern said the success of several movies released during the quarter , including " parenthood " and " uncle buck , " contributed to record revenue for its film unit .
both mca 's music - entertainment and book - publishing units also posted record revenue and operating profit .
the parent company 's net included a loss -- which it did n't specify -- that was related to the company 's 50 % stake in cineplex odeon corp. cineplex , a toronto theater chain , had a second - quarter net loss of $ 38.7 million .
mca said net also included certain reserves related to the restructuring of its ljn toys ' international operations .
these items were partly offset , mca said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its miller international unit , a maker and distributor of budget - priced audio cassettes .
in new york stock exchange composite trading , mca rose $ 1.50 to $ 64 .
in the nine months , net rose 35 % to $ 120.1 million , or $ 1.64 a share , from $ 89.2 million , or $ 1.22 a share , a year earlier .
revenue increased 22 % to $ 2.5 billion from $ 2.1 billion .
okay , now you can pick up that phone .
but do n't do anything rash .
after last friday 's stock - market plunge , investment professionals cautioned people to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks .
not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : despite the market 's volatility , the dow jones industrial average has surged 114 points in the past four days .
now , with a semblance of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful pruning .
" the market is sending nervous signals , " says peter j. canelo , chief market strategist for bear , stearns & co. , and it 's " unwise " to be overcommitted to stocks .
alan weston , president of weston capital management , a los angeles money - management firm , adds that in periods of uncertainty like today , " it 's a good time to cut out the dead branches of your portfolio . "
not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim .
" we are n't inclined to prune stock portfolios now , " says steven g. einhorn , chairman of the investment policy committee of goldman , sachs & co.
" investors should stay with their stocks .
we expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly .
the downside is limited . "
and even those who say some selective selling may be in order stress that individuals need to be in the stock market to achieve their long - term investment objectives and to help balance their other assets .
any selling , they say , should be well thought - out , and executed gradually , during market rallies .
they offer these suggestions : get rid of the dogs .
" sell stocks that are n't doing well now , and that do n't have good earnings prospects , " says alfred goldman , technical analyst at st. louis - based a.g. edwards & sons .
" most people do just the opposite : they sell their winners and keep their losers . "
which types of stocks are most likely to qualify ?
technology stocks , says mr. goldman .
watch for earnings disappointments .
a company does n't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale , says charles i. clough jr. , chief market strategist at merrill lynch & co.
if earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock .
john markese , director of research for the american association of individual investors , raises a cautionary note .
" substituting a rule of thumb for your own judgment " can be a mistake , he says .
an earnings disappointment may reflect a situation that 's short - term .
but mr. clough says , " the risk is that earnings disappointments will continue . "
the economy is decelerating after six good years , and " right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later . "
which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks ?
computer companies ; commodity cyclical stocks , like autos ; and retailing stocks , he says .
beware of heavy debt .
the companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads , says larry biehl , partner in the san mateo , calif. , money - management firm of bailard , biehl & kaiser .
mr. canelo of bear stearns agrees : " if we do have an economic slowdown , " he says , " companies with high debt ratios will be dumped en masse . "
the best course for individual investors is to sell these stocks now , the two advisers say .
sell ` whisper ' stocks .
ual corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy - out and its resulting price plunge is a tip - off to what 's going to happen to " takeover stocks , " says mr. canelo .
takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks tighten their lending requirements , he says .
" there 'll be fewer and fewer deals . "
moreover , many financial advisers say individuals should be in the stock market as long - term investors , not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock .
in general , they say , avoid takeover stocks .
compare p / e ratios with prospects .
mr. canelo suggests that investors compare price / earnings ratios ( the price of a share of stock divided by a company 's per - share earnings for a 12 - month period ) with projected growth rates .
" if you think earnings will grow at 20 % a year , it 's all right to pay 20 times earnings , " he says .
" but do n't pay 30 times earnings for a company that 's expected to grow at 15 % a year . "
mr. canelo thinks the market will probably go higher , but " will be ruthless with stocks if the earnings are n't there . "
mr. markese cautions that investors should n't slavishly follow any specific price / earnings sell trigger .
" if you say sell anytime a company 's price / earnings ratio exceeds 15 , that knocks out all your growth stocks , " he says .
" you eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price . "
examine what has changed .
tom schlesinger , market analyst at a.g. edwards & sons inc. , says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock .
say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works .
now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped .
time to sell , says mr. schlesinger .
similarly , he says , suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 200 million by 1990 .
if things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling , he says .
congress sent president bush an $ 18.4 billion fiscal 1990 treasury and postal service bill providing $ 5.5 billion for the internal revenue service and increasing the customs service 's air - interdiction program nearly a third .
final approval came on a simple voice vote in the senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special - interest provisions for both members and the executive branch .
an estimated $ 33 million was added for university and science grants , including $ 1.5 million for smith college .
and southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind $ 54.6 million for u.s.-mexico border facilities , or more than double the administration 's request .
more than $ 1.8 million is allocated for pensions and expenses for former presidents , and the budget for the official residence of vice president quayle is more than doubled , with $ 200,000 designated for improvements to the property .
even the office of management and budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb .
within the irs , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago .
investigation and taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion , and congress specifically added $ 7.4 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money laundering related to drug traffic .
the large increase in customs service air - interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years .
the $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a lockheed p-3 surveillance aircraft and five cessna citation ii jets .
despite administration reservations , the plan has had the quiet backing of customs officials as well as influential lawmakers from cessna 's home state , kansas .
among legislative provisions attached to the bill is a ban on any treasury department expenditure for enforcement of a 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans .
small - business interests have lobbied against the so - called section 89 tax rules .
repeal is considered likely now , but the treasury department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim .
less noticed is a bit of legislative legerdemain by houston republicans on behalf of hei corp. of texas to retroactively " move " a missouri hospital from one county to the next to justify higher medicare reimbursements .
the provision seeks to wipe out an estimated $ 1.4 million in claims made by the health care finance administration against hei , which owned the hospital in sullivan , mo. , during most of the four - year period -- 1983 - 1987 -- covered in the amendment .
in a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between house appropriations committee chairman jamie whitten ( d. , miss. ) and sen. dale bumpers ( d. , ark. ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill .
a house - senate conference reached agreement oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill , but final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest arkansas - based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides .
the program 's nonprofit sponsors received $ 900,000 in fiscal 1989 through an extension service grant , but mr. whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990 .
the 79 - year - old mississippian takes a more orthodox , entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use , but as a master of pork - barrel politics , he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to arkansas from a tennessee center near memphis and the northern mississippi border .
newhall land & farming co. , valencia , calif. , announced a 2 - for-1 split in the real estate limited partnership 's units and increased its regular quarterly cash distribution 33 % , to 40 cents a unit .
the real estate limited partnership also said it will pay a special year - end cash distribution of 10 cents a unit .
both distributions are payable dec. 4 to limited partners of record nov. 3 .
christopher whittington , 51 - year - old deputy chairman of this british investment - banking group and chairman of morgan grenfell & co. , the group 's main banking unit , has retired from his executive duties .
succeeding mr. whittington as deputy chairman of the group is anthony richmond - watson , 43 , currently a main board member .
succeeding mr. whittington at morgan grenfell & co. is richard webb , 50 , currently deputy chairman .
mr. whittington will remain on the main group board as a nonexecutive director .
on wall street yesterday , northern california 's killer earthquake was just another chance to make a buck .
at the opening bell , investors quickly began singling out shares of companies expected to profit or suffer in some way from the california disaster , including insurers , construction - related companies , refiners and housing lenders .
brokerage houses jumped in , touting " post - quake demand " stocks , and kidder , peabody & co. set up a toll - free hot line for san franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds .
" wall street thinks of everything in terms of money , " says tom gallagher , a senior oppenheimer & co. trader .
however , he added , such event - driven trading moves typically last only a few hours and are often made without full information .
the most popular plays of the day were insurance companies such as general re corp. , which rose $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 , nac re corp. , up $ 2 to $ 37.75 , american international group inc. , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 , and cigna corp. , up 87.5 cents to $ 62.50 .
yesterday , the brokerage firm conning & co. said insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates , ending their long price wars .
before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money .
in fact , fireman 's fund corp. , which ended the day off 50 cents to $ 36.50 , said earthquake damage would slightly hurt fourth - quarter profit .
on the prospect for rebuilding northern california , investors bid up cement - makers calmat co. , up $ 2.75 to $ 28.75 , and lone star industries inc. , up $ 1.75 to $ 29.25 .
bridge and road builders had a field day , including kasler corp. , up $ 2.125 to $ 9.875 , guy f. atkinson co. , up 87.5 to $ 61.875 , and morrison knudsen corp. , which reported higher third - quarter earnings yesterday , up $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 .
fluor corp. , a construction engineering firm , gained 75 cents to $ 33.375 .
but home - building stocks were a mixed bag .
timber stocks got a big boost .
georgia pacific corp. , up $ 1.25 to $ 58 , and maxxam inc. , up $ 3 to $ 43.75 , both reported strong profits .
merrill lynch & co. touted georgia - pacific , louisiana pacific corp. and willamette industries inc. as the best post - quake plywood plays .
other gainers were companies with one or more undamaged california refineries .
tosco corp. jumped $ 1.125 to $ 20.125 and chevron corp. , despite a temporary pipeline shutdown , rose $ 1 to $ 65 .
meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value .
wells fargo & co. fell 50 cents to $ 81.50 , and bankamerica corp. fell 50 cents to $ 31.875 .
some california thrift stocks also fell , including golden west financial corp. and h.f. ahmanson & co. , which reported lower earnings yesterday .
" property values did n't go up in california yesterday , " says one money manager .
pacific gas & electric co. fell 37.5 cents to $ 19.625 .
one of its power generators was damaged , though the company said there wo n't be any financial impact .
pacific telesis group lost 62.5 cents to $ 44.625 .
a computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines .
heavy construction , property - casualty insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the dow jones equity market index yesterday .
enron corp. said a subsidiary and two united kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas - fired power plant in northern england as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program .
enron power corp. , a unit of the houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , construct and run the plant .
gas to fuel it would be piped from the north sea .
a subsidiary of britain 's imperial chemical industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station .
surplus power would be sold on the open market , enron said .
also participating in the study , enron said , is the national power division of britain 's central electricity generating board .
upon privatization , national power will be responsible for 70 % of the country 's power generating business .
sotheby 's inc. , the world 's biggest auction house , is taking a huge wall street - style risk on the outcome of the sale of art from the estate of john t. dorrance jr. , the campbell soup co. heir .
the financial services division has guaranteed the dorrance family that it will receive a minimum of $ 100 million for the collection , regardless of what the bids for the art works total , people close to the transaction say .
the collection , which includes two early picassos , a van gogh , a monet , other paintings , furniture and porcelains , went on sale last night in the first of six auctions .
what sotheby 's is doing closely resembles an underwriting by an investment bank .
a corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a wall street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers .
if the investment bank can sell the securities at a higher price than it paid the issuer , it makes a profit .
at the initial sale last night , for example -- the sale featuring the impressionists masters -- bids totaled $ 116 million .
that was slightly above sotheby 's presale estimate of $ 111 million .
normally , sotheby 's would have earned 20 % of the total in commissions .
instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 100 million .
art dealers say that while auction houses occasionally guarantee the seller of a highly desirable work of art a minimum price , a financial commitment of this size is unprecedented .
diana d. brooks , president of sotheby 's north america division , vehemently denies it offered the dorrance heirs a money - back guarantee , calling such reports " inaccurate . "
buried in the glossy hardbound catalog for the sale , however , appears the statement , " sotheby 's has an interest in the property in this catalog . "
explains a sotheby 's spokeswoman , the statement " means exactly what it says .
we have some level of financial interest " in the collection .
" we do n't disclose specifics . "
frank mirabello , a lawyer for the dorrance estate with the philadelphia law firm of morgan , lewis & bockius , declines to comment on the financial arrangements .
sotheby 's made the $ 100 million guarantee to keep the dorrance collection away from its archrival , auction house christie 's international plc ; christie 's has handled smaller sales for the dorrance family over the years .
when christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the dorrance collection , representatives of the dorrance family " told us it was a question of financial considerations , " said michael findlay , christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings .
collectors who have made their money on wall street have become an increasingly important part of the art business and their money has helped fuel the art boom , but recently it appears sotheby 's has been returning the compliment .
in november 1987 , sotheby 's essentially offered a wall street - style " bridge loan " of about $ 27 million to australian businessman alan bond to enable him to purchase vincent van gogh 's " irises " for $ 53.9 million .
it was the highest bid in history for a work of art .
but two weeks ago , sotheby 's said that it has the painting under lock and key because the loan had not been fully repaid .
sotheby 's is offering such deals because it 's an art sellers ' market , at least where the best works are concerned , says ralph lerner , an attorney and author of the book " art law . "
" there seems to be a lot of art for sale , but there 's more competition .
the competition gives the seller the ability to cut a better deal , " he says .
the dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said .
but it 's likely that sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee .
sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the dorrance sale .
at a news conference last may announcing plans for the auction , sotheby 's estimated its value in excess of $ 100 million .
more recently , sotheby 's has predicted the collection will fetch $ 140 million .
that 's the highest estimate for a single collection in auction history .
the decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many , since mr. dorrance had served as chairman of the philadelphia museum of art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to the institution .
at last night 's sale , 13 of 44 works that sold were purchased by aska international gallery , the art - acquisition unit of aichi financial , a japanese conglomerate that owns 7.5 % of christie 's .
meanwhile , sotheby 's guarantee is raising eyebrows in the art world .
" the consumer has to throw out the idea that the auction house is a disinterested middleman , " says new york art dealer david tunick .
while he adds that he has no problem with auction houses who sell works in which they have a financial interest , " it ought not to be hidden in some small print . "
in such situations , he says , the house " is going to put the best light on things . "
for example , an auction house 's comments on the condition of a work of art that is up for sale should be looked at with " very open eyes , " he says .
" there 's more and more of this cash - up - front going on at every level , " says bruce miller , president of art funding corp. , an art lender .
dealers and auction houses " know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive . "
in january , two small new york galleries , the coe kerr gallery and beadleston fine arts , snatched a major art collection owned by the askin family away from rival auction - house bidders with an up - front payment of about $ 25 million .
a christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because " christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent { for buyer and seller } , not as a bank . "
economist david n. laband 's sept. 27 editorial - page article , " in hugo 's path , a man - made disaster , " decries the control of price gouging , swiftly ordered by south carolina 's governor after hurricane hugo .
according to mr. laband , " screaming " for price controls occurs when income redistribution " threatens to hit home . "
to be sure , the threat has hit home down here .
yet in mr. laband 's rehash of free - market logic , human greed and self - interest are the only permissible psychological reactions .
allowing uncontrolled prices for necessities would indeed shorten the lines at stores , as he contends .
but not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods " allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them . "
rather , lines would diminish because at higher prices many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies .
it is inhumane to imply that a poor , unemployed woman can not receive immediate relief for her family at fair prices because she does not have as much to protect as a rich family .
moreover , essential relief supplies such as ice must be distributed throughout the population because of potential health problems from spoiled food and possible outbreak of disease .
such spillover effects give the state a right to intervene in the marketplace and temporarily coordinate allocation of resources .
fortunately , volunteers and charities are not motivated by self - interest , but by altruism .
why should they have to co - exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit ?
these latter - day scalawags would be ill - advised to take advantage of the situation , if they ever expect to face the people of south carolina again .
the government is actually protecting avaricious ice - baggers and other profiteers who can not see beyond their own short - term gain .
south carolina deserves an a for its quick and timely relief efforts .
mr. laband , meanwhile , gets an a for his rote recital of economic - efficiency arguments .
give him an f for his failure to understand the ethics of economic equity .
signed by 25 students of douglas woodward 's honors economics class , university of south carolina columbia , s.c.
mr. laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong .
they set up absurd situations , detached from reality , and then try to reason from them .
i 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and " every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . "
price controls were " so fervently embraced by charleston " because price gouging in this situation is equivalent to looting .
suzanne foster galax , va.
mr. laband described one of the more insidious threats we face when dealing with disasters such as hugo -- anti - profiteering ordinances such as that by the charleston city council as it thrashed about trying to do something .
since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects .
they divert law - enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property .
also , rather than increase supplies , they reduce them and encourage hoarding .
and they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants .
n. joseph potts miami lakes , fla.
would mr. laband also suggest that the red cross , salvation army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens cease their efforts to assist hugo 's victims because they interfere with his concept of the " free market " ?
what about those caring people all over the country who are donating food , water and other necessities of life to these people who could be any of us ?
should they , too , stop " messing with " his free market ?
maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder .
and what about insurance firms ?
should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials ?
mr. laband should beware , since he lives in south carolina .
in a free market , his insurance rates can be raised to recover insurance - company losses .
john w. rush marietta , ga.
having been through several tornadoes and hurricanes , i have a different perspective .
mine comes from seeing thriving communities devastated -- but only temporarily .
their recovery came surprisingly fast , and always with the help of neighbors .
the shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to confuse priorities such as the true economic value of a freezer full of meat .
in texas after hurricane alicia , major grocery chains used their truck fleets to ship essential goods to houston , no gouging , just good will .
tom mongan victoria , texas we here in the affected areas were dazzled by mr. laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development .
his theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him .
too bad theory fails in practice .
we consumers tend to have long memories .
the businesses subscribing to mr. laband 's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns .
perhaps , considering the value of our time , we will be unable to patronize their establishments in the post - hugo era .
i have a question for mr. laband : how do i explain to the single mother of three standing in line next to me for the past three hours that the two bags of ice she needs to keep her children 's food edible will take her last $ 20 ?
i 'm sure she 'll appreciate what an efficient reaction to her problems the price system has created .
chris edgar myrtle beach , s.c.
rohm & haas co. said third - quarter net income skidded 35 % to $ 32.6 million , or 49 cents a share .
in the year - earlier quarter , the chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million , or 75 cents a share .
sales were $ 623 million , up 0.5 % from $ 619.8 million a year ago .
rohm & haas , which plans to start operating seven new production units this year , attributed the profit slide partly to higher start - up expense .
the company also cited the stronger dollar , which cuts the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars .
in addition , the company said , it was hurt by higher than previous - year costs for raw materials , though those costs have declined since the second quarter .
incrementally higher production of those chemicals which remain in heavy demand also has forced up costs , such as overtime pay .
for the nine months , rohm & haas net totaled $ 155 million , or $ 2.33 a share , down 17 % from $ 187.8 million , or $ 2.82 a share , a year ago .
sales rose 5.2 % to $ 2.04 billion from $ 1.94 billion the previous year .
in new york stock exchange composite trading , rohm & haas closed at $ 33 a share , down $ 1.75 .
the oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of president bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner - burning gasoline .
officials of the big three auto makers and 14 petroleum companies said they are setting out to find the most cost - effective fuel for reducing cities ' air - pollution problems , with no bias toward any fuel in particular .
however , their search notably wo n't include natural gas or pure methanol -- the two front - running alternative fuels -- in tests to be completed by next summer .
instead , the tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution that is choking urban areas .
environmentalists criticized the program as merely a public - relations attempt to head off a white house proposal to require a million cars a year that run on cleaner - burning fuels by 1997 .
while major oil companies have been experimenting with cleaner - burning gasoline blends for years , only atlantic richfield co. is now marketing a lower - emission gasoline for older cars currently running on leaded fuel .
the initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said joe colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at general motors corp. research laboratories .
it will compare 21 different blends of gasolines with three mixtures of up to 85 % methanol .
a second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars .
there was no cost estimate for the second phase .
" the whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , " said keith mchenry , a senior vice president of technology at amoco corp.
" and we are looking for the most cost - effective way to clean up the air . "
but david hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the natural resources defense council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline .
oil and auto companies supported a move on capitol hill last week to gut mr. bush 's plans to require auto makers to begin selling alternative - fueled cars by 1995 .
instead , a house subcommittee adopted a clean - fuels program that specifically mentions reformulated gasoline as an alternative .
the bush administration has said it will try to resurrect its plan when the house energy and commerce committee takes up a comprehensive clean - air bill .
boeing co. , already struck by its machinists union , briefly called off contract talks with its engineers and labeled their demands " grossly excessive . "
later , however , the company agreed to meet on monday with the seattle professional engineering employees association after a federal mediator intervened , according to the union .
a spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included a 19 % pay hike in the first year and 8 % in the second and third years .
the union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers .
its contract expires dec. 1 .
meanwhile , a federal mediator is scheduled to meet today with boeing officials and representatives of 55,000 striking machinists .
" it will take several meetings to resolve this , " said a spokesman for the machinists union .
" we do n't want to bring back something the members will reject . "
machinists already have rejected a package that would have provided a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three - year life of the contract .
it also would have reduced mandatory overtime .
rep. lee hamilton ( d. , ind. ) said he and rep. byron dorgan ( d. , n.d. ) are backing away from their proposal to make the treasury secretary a voting member of the federal reserve panel that sets monetary policy .
rep. hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for two meetings each year between the fed 's open market committee and the treasury secretary , the chairman of the council of economic advisers and the director of the office of management and budget .
the original bill was strongly opposed by the fed and publicly criticized by friends of the fed as an attempt to undermine the central bank 's independence .
fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy .
rep. hamilton said the purpose of the meetings would be to " improve communications and perhaps coordination between the executive branch and the fed . "
fed chairman alan greenspan meets regularly for lunch with treasury secretary nicholas brady and talks frequently with budget director richard darman and michael boskin , chairman of the council of economic advisers .
the administration officials do n't ordinarily meet with the entire membership of the open market committee .
louisiana - pacific corp. and pope & talbot inc. posted strong third - quarter profit gains , citing continued strong demand and firm prices in the forest - products business .
louisiana - pacific reported a 40 % increase in net income to $ 51.5 million , or $ 1.34 a share , from $ 36.8 million , or 97 cents a share , the year earlier .
sales in the period increased about 10 % to $ 510.1 million from $ 462.9 million .
harry a. merlo , chairman and president , credited strong demand for plywood and other building products .
the record results came despite a decline in operating results for the company 's pulp business , he added .
this was due in large measure to a drought - related production curtailment at its ketchikan , alaska , pulp mill .
for the nine months , the company posted a 34 % gain in net to $ 139.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , from $ 104.1 million , or $ 2.73 a share .
the company said it had an 11 % sales increase to $ 1.50 billion from $ 1.35 billion the year earlier .
( the company 's 1988 results do n't include a non - recurring gain on the final settlement of the redwood national park condemnation in 1988 's first quarter . )
pope & talbot said healthy demand and prices , especially for consumer products , led to a 55 % increase in third - quarter net to $ 13.2 million , or $ 1.11 a share , from $ 8.5 million , or 71 cents a share .
the 1989 results include a gain of $ 3.5 million , or 29 cents a share , on the sale of a sawmill .
sales in the quarter rose 20 % to $ 162.1 million from $ 135.3 million .
for the nine months , the company posted profit of $ 33.8 million , or $ 2.86 a share , including the gain on the sawmill 's sale .
that was up 45 % from $ 23.3 million , or $ 1.95 a share , the year earlier .
nine - month sales grew 26 % to $ 471.1 million from $ 373 million .
looking ahead , pope & talbot said it expects all of 1989 to be a record year .
louisiana - pacific said fourth - quarter performance is usually hampered by weather - related construction slowdowns , but that " many positive factors " should help the period 's results .
concerning your sept. 19 article " wall street firms link analysts ' pay to performance , " i 'm delighted that wall street is finally tuning in to the hard , cold facts of the real working world .
if the firms are serious , however , why limit the practice to the poor , maligned analysts whose ability to see into the future is fragile at best ?
why not extend the same harsh standards to the sales force , and pay brokers a base salary with annual bonus based on how much money they made for their clients during the year ?
that should stop a lot of account - churning , and produce a stock market driven only by professional concern , careful thought and good sense .
now , would n't that be a novelty .
phyllis kyle stephenson newport news , va.
steve clark , a shearson lehman hutton inc. trader , reported for work at 5 a.m. , two and a half hours before the usual monday morning strategy meeting .
at jefferies & co. , j. francis palamara did n't reach the office until 5:30 a.m. , but then he had been up most of the night at home .
" i had calls all night long from the states , " he said .
" i was woken up every hour -- 1:30 , 2:30 , 3:30 , 4:30 .
people are looking for possible opportunities to buy , but nobody wants to stick their chin out . "
for many of london 's securities traders , it was a day that started nervously in the small hours .
by lunchtime , the selling was at near - panic fever .
but as the day ended in a frantic wall street - inspired rally , the city breathed a sigh of relief .
so it went yesterday in the trading rooms of london 's financial district .
in the wake of wall street 's plunge last friday , the london market was considered especially vulnerable .
and before the opening of trading here yesterday , all eyes were on early trading in tokyo for a clue as to how widespread the fallout might be .
by the time trading officially got under way at 9 a.m. , the news from asia was in .
and it left mixed signals for london .
tokyo stocks closed off a significant but less - than - alarming 1.8 % on thin volume ; hong kong stocks declined 6.5 % in orderly trading .
at jefferies ' trading room on finsbury circus , a stately circle at the edge of the financial district , desktop computer screens displayed the london market 's major barometer -- the financial times - stock exchange 100 share index .
red figures on the screens indicated falling stocks ; blue figures , rising stocks .
right away , the reds outnumbered the blues , 80 to 20 , as the index opened at 2076.8 , off 157.1 points , or 7 % .
" i see concern , but i do n't see any panic , " said mr. palamara , a big , good - humored new york native who runs the 15 - trader office .
the jefferies office , a branch of the los angeles - based firm , played it conservatively , seeking to avoid risk .
" this is not the sort of market to have a big position in , " said david smith , who heads trading in all non - u.s. stocks .
" we tend to run a very tight book . "
jefferies spent most of its energies in the morning trying to match buyers and sellers , and there were n't many buyers .
" all the takeover stocks -- scottish & newcastle , b.a.t , drg -- are getting pretty well pasted this morning , " mr. smith said .
seconds later , a 7,500 - share " sell " order for scottish & newcastle came in .
for the third time in 15 minutes , a trader next to mr. smith left the no - smoking area to have a cigarette .
on the screens , only two forlorn blue figures remained , but the index had recovered a few points and was off about 140 .
" because tokyo did n't collapse , let 's pick up a little stock , " mr. smith said .
he targeted 7,500 shares of reuters and punched a button to call up on his screen other dealers ' price quotes .
the vivid yellow figures showed the best price at 845 pence , ( $ 13.27 ) and mr. smith 's traders started putting out feelers .
but the market sensed a serious buyer on a day dominated by selling , and the quotes immediately jumped to 850 pence .
" when i want to buy , they run from you -- they keep changing their prices , " mr. smith said .
" it 's very frustrating . "
he temporarily abandoned his search for the reuters shares .
by this time , it was 4:30 a.m. in new york , and mr. smith fielded a call from a new york customer wanting an opinion on the british stock market , which had been having troubles of its own even before friday 's new york market break .
" fundamentally dangerous ... , " mr. smith said , almost in a whisper , " .... fundamentally weak ... fairly vulnerable still ... extremely dangerously poised ...
we 're in for a lot of turbulence .... "
he was right .
by midday , the london market was in full retreat .
" it 's falling like a stone , " said danny linger , a pit trader who was standing outside the london international financial futures exchange .
only half the usual lunchtime crowd gathered at the tony corney & barrow wine bar on old broad street nearby .
conversation was subdued as most patrons watched the latest market statistics on television .
at 12:49 p.m. , the index hit its low , 2029.7 , off 204.2 points .
" france opened the limit down , off at least 10 % if you could calculate the index , which you could n't , " mr. clark , the shearson trader , said early in the afternoon .
" spain is down 10 % and suspended , sweden 's down 8 % , norway 11 % .
this market has been very badly damaged . "
as 2:30 p.m. -- wall street 's opening time -- neared , shearson traders and salesmen traded bets on how low the new york market would open .
in the center of the trading floor , chief trader roger streeter and two colleagues scrambled for the telephones as soon as the new york market opened -- plummeting more than 60 points in the first few minutes .
they saw an opportunity created by the sell - off .
as wall street traders dumped american depositary receipts in jaguar plc , mr. streeter and trader sam ruiz bought them to resell in the u.k. investors here still expect ford motor co. or general motors corp. to bid for jaguar .
suddenly , after about 45 minutes , the u.s. markets rallied .
" the mmi has gone better , " shouted one trader at about 3:15 london time , as the u.s. major markets index contract suddenly indicated a turnabout .
as wall street strengthened , the london trading room went wild .
traders shouted as their screens posted an ever - narrowing loss on wall street .
then , nine minutes later , wall street suddenly rebounded to a gain on the day .
" rally !
rally !
rally ! " shouted shearson trader andy rosen , selling more jaguar shares .
" this is panic buying ! "
as the london market rallied , some wondered whether the weekend of worrying and jitters had been worth it .
the london index closed at 2163.4 , its high for the day , off 70.5 , or about 3.3 % .
seafirst corp. said it signed an agreement with builder martin selig to purchase its headquarters building , the columbia seafirst center , for $ 354 million .
purchase of the 76 - story structure is subject to execution of a definitive agreement , approval by the boards of seafirst and its parent company bankamerica corp. , and approval by regulators .
commodity futures prices generally reflected the stability of the stock market following its plunge friday .
yesterday , the stock market 's influence at first created nervousness .
later , however , it became more of an undercurrent than a dominating force as individual markets reacted more to their own factors .
gold , the traditional haven in times of financial crisis , continued its inverse lockstep with the dollar , rising early in the day as the currency fell , and then giving up some of its gains as the dollar recovered .
copper and crude oil reacted sharply to the concern that a crash yesterday could have a potentially devastating effect on the economy .
copper fell and showed little rebound through the day as one of the major supply problems that had been supporting prices appeared to be solved .
crude oil declined early , but as the stock market retained early gains , it , too , became stronger , ending with a small net loss .
trading in cotton and sugar was nervous and showed small declines .
in chicago , grain and soybean prices rose slightly .
livestock and meat prices , however , dropped on concern that a financial crisis would cut consumption of beef and pork .
in commodity markets yesterday : precious metals :
futures prices were moderately higher as gold gave up some of its early gains and platinum behaved independently , first falling and then later rising .
silver performed quietly .
the spot october gold price rose $ 4 to $ 367.30 an ounce .
the more active december delivery gold settled with a gain of $ 3.90 an ounce at $ 371.20 , after trading as high as $ 374 .
december silver was up 2.3 cents an ounce at $ 5.163 .
platinum behaved more like an industrial metal , easing early on concern over a possible weaker economy , but recovering later , as the stock market strengthened .
gold was nowhere the spectacular performer it was two years ago on black monday .
for one thing , last friday , precious metals markets closed before the stock market went into its late - in - the - day nose dive , so it could n't react to it .
back on friday , oct. 16 , l987 , the stock market declined during the day , and gold prices surged as the stock market fell .
the october 1987 contract that day rose as much as $ 8.70 to as high as $ 471.60 , and the more deferred positions , due to mature as late as march 1989 , rose as much as $ 9.60 .
on black monday , oct. 19 , 1987 , the october contract tacked on further gains , rising to as high as $ 491.50 for a gain of almost $ 20 on top of the friday advances , before giving up almost $ 10 of that at the close .
yesterday 's october gain of $ 4 was miniscule compared with that .
one analyst , peter cardillo of josephthal & co. , new york , said the gold market already had some good price - supporting technical factors that would have caused prices to rise , with or without the stock market .
" what the stock market did was cause the rise to take place earlier than it would have happened , " said mr. cardillo .
there 's a good chance that gold will retain its gains and rise further , he said .
he expects a drop in interest rates , which would help gold by keeping the dollar from rising .
finally , according to mr. cardillo , the impact of the strong dollar should be reflected in reduced exports in the august merchandise trade deficit , when the figures are released today .
this would be damaging to the dollar and supportive for gold , he said .
energy : worried that friday 's 190 - point stock market plunge might be a harbinger of things to come for the economy , petroleum futures traders called a halt to the recent string of increases in crude oil futures prices .
the u.s. benchmark crude , west texas intermediate , closed at $ 20.59 a barrel for november delivery , down 30 cents .
some analysts said crude was due for a correction anyhow , following several days of significant gains .
but most market observers agreed that friday 's stock market drop is what dampened spirits in the petroleum pits yesterday .
until yesterday , futures prices had been headed up on expectations that world oil demand will continue to be strong .
the organization of petroleum exporting countries increased its production ceiling for the fourth quarter based on projections of robust demand .
so any bearish indicator , such as friday 's precipitous drop in the stock market , sends shivers through the oil markets as well .
indeed , after reacting early in the trading day to friday 's plummet , futures prices firmed up again as traders took note of the stock market 's partial recovery yesterday .
copper :
futures prices fell and showed little rebound as one major labor problem that had been underpinning prices appeared to be solved .
the december contract declined 3.05 cents a pound to $ 1.2745 .
prices were down from the outset of trading on concern that a drop in the stock market might create a weakened economy and a consequent reduction in copper use .
but the recovery in the stock market provided little help for copper as word spread that a three - month strike at the highland valley mine in british columbia was about over , according to an analyst .
highland valley is a large canadian producer and principal supplier to japan , which recently began seeking copper elsewhere as its inventories shrank .
last week it was reported that company and union negotiations had overcome the major hurdle , the contracting out of work by the company .
now , the analyst said , only minor points remain to be cleaned up .
" for all intents and purposes , an agreement appears to have been achieved , " he said .
copper inventories in new york 's commodity exchange warehouses rose yesterday by 516 tons , to 10,004 tons .
london metal exchange copper inventories last week declined 13,575 tons , to 89,300 tons .
the lme stocks decline was about as expected , but the comex gain was n't .
however , this was brushed aside by concern over the stock market , the analyst said .
at one point in futures trading , as the stock market firmed , the december contract rose to as high as $ 1.2965 , but it was n't able to sustain the gain .
" it was simply overbought , " he said , and selling by funds that are computer guided helped depress prices .
cotton :
futures prices eased , more in reaction to hurricane jerry than to any influence of the stock market .
the december contract ended with a loss of 0.22 cent a pound , at 74.48 cents .
technical considerations following the hurricane , which was a factor in the market friday , caused prices to decline yesterday , said ernest simon , cotton specialist for prudential - bache securities , new york .
prices rose sharply friday as the storm approached texas and louisiana , which is part of the mississippi delta cotton - growing area .
however , after absorbing the potential effect of the hurricane , prices began to slip late friday , mr. simon said .
that selling continued yesterday and kept prices under pressure , he said .
colder weather is being predicted for the high plains of texas and the northern states of the delta during the coming weekend , mr. simon said .
that has n't yet captured traders ' attention , he added .
sugar :
futures prices declined .
the march contract was off 0.32 cent a pound at 13.97 cents .
at one point in early trading the march price rose to as high as 14.22 cents when the stock market recovered , but the price then fell back .
a price - depressing factor , one analyst said , was that india , which had been expected to buy around 200,000 tons of sugar in the world market , did n't make any purchases .
india recently bought 200,000 tons and was expected to buy more , the analyst said .
another analyst thought that india may have pulled back because of the concern over the stock market .
" india may have felt that if there was a severe drop in the stock market and it affected sugar , it could buy at lower prices , " said judith ganes , analyst for shearson lehman hutton , new york .
at any rate , she added , " india needs the sugar , so it will be in sooner or later to buy it . "
farm products :
the prices of cattle and hog futures contracts dropped sharply because traders speculated that the stock market plunge friday will linger in the minds of u.s. consumers long enough to prompt them to rein in their spending at the supermarket , which would hurt demand for beef and pork .
the price of the hog contract for october delivery dropped its maximum permissible daily limit of 1.5 cents a pound .
the prices of most grain futures contracts rose slightly yesterday out of relief that the stock market was showing signs of recovering .
earlier in the session , the prices of several soybean contracts set new lows .
a broad rally began when several major processors began buying futures contracts , apparently to take advantage of the price dip .
golden west financial corp. , riding above the turbulence that has troubled most of the thrift industry , posted a 16 % increase of third - quarter earnings to $ 41.8 millon , or 66 cents a share .
the company earned $ 36 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year - ago quarter .
herbert m. sandler , chairman and chief executive officer of the oakland , calif. , savings - and - loan holding company , credited the high number of loans added to the company 's portfolio over the last 12 months for broadening its earning asset base and improving profit performance .
however , the executive noted that slackening demand for new mortgages depressed new loan originations to $ 1 billion , 30 % below the same period last year .
in savings activity , mr. sandler said consumer deposits have enjoyed a steady increase throughout 1989 , and topped $ 11 billion at quarter 's end for the first time in the company 's history .
deposit growth amounted to $ 393 million , more than double the year - ago figure .
the oil industry 's middling profits could persist through the rest of the year .
major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability .
the gasoline picture may improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year - earlier performance .
the industry is " seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals , " glenn cox , president of phillips petroleum co. , said in an interview .
" that change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings " for the industry in general , he added .
he did n't forecast phillips 's results .
but securities analysts say phillips will be among the companies hard - hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third - quarter earnings .
so , too , many analysts predict , will exxon corp. , chevron corp. and amoco corp.
typical is what happened to the price of ethylene , a major commodity chemical produced in vast amounts by many oil companies .
it has plunged 13 % since july to around 26 cents a pound .
a year ago ethylene sold for 33 cents , peaking at about 34 cents last december .
a big reason for the chemical price retreat is overexpansion .
beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing u.s. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
companies added capacity furiously .
now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger , and domestic economic growth is slower .
third - quarter profits from gasoline were weaker .
" refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year , " said william randol , a securities analyst at first boston corp.
oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in july and august that did n't materialize .
the excess supply pushed gasoline prices down in that period .
in addition , crude oil prices were up some from a year earlier , further pressuring profitability .
refiners say margins picked up in september , and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter .
during the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits .
crude oil production may turn out to be the most surprising element of companies ' earnings this year .
prices -- averaging roughly $ 2 a barrel higher in the third quarter than a year earlier -- have stayed well above most companies ' expectations .
demand has been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
" we could see higher oil prices this year , " said bryan jacoboski , an analyst at painewebber inc.
that will translate into sharply higher production profits , particularly compared with last year when oil prices steadily fell to below $ 13 a barrel in the fourth quarter .
while oil prices have been better than expected , natural gas prices have been worse .
in the third quarter , they averaged about 5 % less than they were in 1988 .
the main reason remains weather .
last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use .
this summer , on the other hand , had milder weather than usual .
" we 've been very disappointed in the performance of natural gas prices , " said mr. cox , phillips 's president .
" the lagging gas price is not going to assist fourth quarter performance as many had expected . "
going into the fourth quarter , natural gas prices are anywhere from 8 % to 17 % lower than a year earlier .
for instance , natural gas currently produced along the gulf coast is selling on the spot market for around $ 1.47 a thousand cubic feet , down 13 % from $ 1.69 a thousand cubic feet a year ago .
gulf resources & chemical corp. said it agreed to pay $ 1.5 million as part of an accord with the environmental protection agency regarding an environmental cleanup of a defunct smelter the company formerly operated in idaho .
in 1984 the epa notified gulf resources , which was a part - owner of the smelter , that it was potentially liable for sharing cleanup costs at the site under the federal superfund program .
the 21 - square - mile area is contaminated with lead , zinc and other metals .
gulf resources earlier this year proposed a reorganization plan that would make it a unit of a bermuda concern , potentially exempting it from liability for the smelter 's cleanup costs .
the company said that as part of its agreement with the epa , it " made certain voluntary undertakings with respect to intercorporate transactions entered into after the reorganization . "
the company , which issued a statement on the agreement late friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third - quarter statement .
the agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
gulf resources added that it " will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the superfund law . "
under the agreement , gulf must give the u.s. government 45 days ' advance written notice before issuing any dividends on common stock .
the company 's net worth can not fall below $ 185 million after the dividends are issued .
" the terms of that agreement only become effective the date of gulf 's reorganization , which we anticipate will occur sometime in early 1990 , " said lawrence r. mehl , gulf 's general counsel .
in addition , gulf must give the government 20 days ' advance written notice of any loans exceeding $ 50 million that are made to the bermuda - based holding company .
gulf 's net worth after those transaction must be at least $ 150 million .
separately , the company said it expects to hold a special meeting for shareholders in early 1990 to vote on its proposed reorganization .
reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated , some phone calls to market makers in over - the - counter stocks went unanswered .
" we could n't get dealers to answer their phones , " said robert king , senior vice president of otc trading at robinson - humphrey co. in atlanta .
" it was { like } the friday before black monday " two years ago .
whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not , nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the new york and american exchanges .
nonetheless , the nasdaq composite index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever , diving 14.90 , or 3 % , to 467.29 .
ten points of the drop occurred during the last 45 minutes of trading .
by comparison , the new york stock exchange composite tumbled 5.8 % friday and the american stock exchange composite fell 4 % .
on oct. 16 , 1987 , the nasdaq composite fell 16.18 points , or 3.8 % , followed by its devastating 46.12 - point , or 11 % slide , three days later .
nasdaq volume friday totaled 167.7 million shares , which was only the fifth busiest day so far this year .
the single - day record of 288 million shares was set on oct. 21 , " there was n't a lot of volume because it was just impossible to get stock moved , " said e.e. " buzzy " geduld , president of herzog , heine , geduld , a new york company that makes markets in thousands of otc issues .
most of the complaints about unanswered phone calls came from regional brokers rather than individual investors .
mr. king of robinson - humphrey and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders ' inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades .
the subject is a sore one for nasdaq and its market - making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash .
peter dapuzzo , head of retail equity trading at shearson lehman hutton , declared : " it was the last hour of trading on a friday .
there were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots .
it was n't intentional , we were all busy . "
james tarantino , head of otc trading at hambrecht & quist in san francisco , said , " it was just like two years ago .
everybody was trying to do the same thing at the same time . "
jeremiah mullins , the otc trading chief at dean witter reynolds in new york , said proudly that his company executed every order it received by the close of trading .
but , he added , " you can only take one call at a time . "
market makers keep supplies of stock on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur .
on days like friday , that means they must buy shares from sellers when no one else is willing to .
when selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast .
two years ago , faced with the possibility of heavy losses on the stocks in their inventories , market makers themselves began dumping shares , exacerbating the slide in otc stock prices .
on friday , some market makers were selling again , traders said .
but , with profits sagging on wall street since the crash , companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand .
mr. tarantino of hambrecht & quist said some prices fell without trades taking place , as market makers kept dropping the prices at which they would buy shares .
" everyone was hitting everyone else 's bid , " he said .
so , while otc companies incurred losses on friday , trading officials said the damage was n't as bad as it was in 1987 .
" two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
i do n't know of anyone carrying big inventories now , " said mr. king of robinson - humphrey .
tony cecin , head of equity trading at piper , jaffray & hopwood in minneapolis , said that piper jaffray actually made money on friday .
it helped that his inventory is a third smaller now than it was two years ago , he said .
joseph hardiman , president of the national association of securities dealers , which oversees the nasdaq computerized trading system , said that despite the rush of selling , he never considered the situation an " emergency . "
" the pace of trading was orderly , " he said .
nasdaq 's small order execution system " worked beautifully , " as did the automated system for larger trades , according to mr. hardiman .
nevertheless , the shock of another steep plunge in stock prices undoubtedly will shake many investors ' confidence .
in the past , the otc market thrived on a firm base of small - investor participation .
because nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre - crash levels , traders and otc market officials hope the damage wo n't be permanent .
but they are worried .
" we were just starting to get the public 's confidence back , " lamented mr. mullins of dean witter .
more troubling is the prospect that the overall collapse in stock prices could permanently erode the base of small - investor support the otc market was struggling to rebuild in the wake of the october 1987 crash .
mr. cecin of piper jaffray says some action from government policy makers would allay investor fears .
it wo n't take much more to " scare the hell out of retail investors , " he says .
the sellers on friday came from all corners of the otc market -- big and small institutional investors , as well as individual investors and market makers .
but grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares to 50,000 shares , compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago .
shearson 's mr. dapuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock friday and never returned to bargain - hunt .
institutional investors , which had been selling stock throughout last week to lock in handsome gains made through the third quarter , were calmer .
" we had a good amount of selling from institutions , but not as much panic , " mr. dapuzzo said .
" if they could n't sell , some of them put the shares back on the shelf . "
in addition , he said , some bigger institutional investors placed bids to buy some otc stocks whose prices were beaten down .
in addition , mr. dapuzzo said computer - guided program selling of otc stocks in the russell index of 2000 small stocks and the standard & poor 's 500 - stock index sent occasional " waves " through the market .
nasdaq 's biggest stocks were hammered .
the nasdaq 100 index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big otc technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , or 19.76 , to 449.33 .
the nasdaq financial index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 % , or 9.31 , to 462.98 .
the otc market has only a handful of takeover - related stocks .
but they fell sharply .
mccaw cellular communications , for instance , has offered to buy lin broadcasting as well as metromedia 's new york city cellular telephone interests , and in a separate transaction , sell certain mccaw properties to contel cellular .
mccaw lost 8 % , or 3 1/2 , to 40 .
lin broadcasting , dropped 5 1/2 , or 5 % , to 107 1/2 .
the turnover in both issues was roughly normal .
on a day when negative takeover - related news did n't sit well with investors , commercial intertech , a maker of engineered metal parts , said haas & partners advised it that it does n't plan to pursue its previously reported $ 27.50 - a - share bid to buy the company .
commercial intertech plummeted 6 to 26 .
the issues of companies with ties to the junk bond market also tumbled friday .
on the otc market , first executive , a big buyer of the high - risk , high - yield issues , slid 2 to 12 1/4 .
among other otc issues , intel , dropped 2 1/8 to 33 7/8 ; laidlaw transportation lost 1 1/8 to 19 1/2 ; the american depositary receipts of jaguar were off 1/4 to 10 1/4 ; mci communications slipped 2 1/4 to 43 1/2 ; apple computer fell 3 to 45 3/4 and nike dropped 2 1/4 to 66 3/4 .
friday , october 13 , 1989 the key u.s. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
prime rate : 10 1/2 % .
the base rate on corporate loans at large u.s. money center commercial banks .
federal funds : 8 13/16 % high , 8 1/2 % low , 8 5/8 % near closing bid , 8 3/4 % offered .
reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
source : fulton prebon ( u.s.a. ) inc. discount rate : 7 % .
the charge on loans to depository institutions by the new york federal reserve bank .
call money : 9 3/4 % to 10 % .
the charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
commercial paper placed directly by general motors acceptance corp. : 8.60 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.55 % 45 to 59 days ; 8.375 % 60 to 79 days ; 8.50 % 80 to 89 days ; 8.25 % 90 to 119 days ; 8.125 % 120 to 149 days ; 8 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.625 % 180 to 270 days .
commercial paper : high - grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.65 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.55 % 90 days .
certificates of deposit : 8.15 % one month ; 8.15 % two months ; 8.13 % three months ; 8.11 % six months ; 8.08 % one year .
average of top rates paid by major new york banks on primary new issues of negotiable c.d.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
the minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
typical rates in the secondary market : 8.65 % one month ; 8.65 % three months ; 8.55 % six months .
bankers acceptances : 8.52 % 30 days ; 8.37 % 60 days ; 8.15 % 90 days ; 7.98 % 120 days ; 7.92 % 150 days ; 7.80 % 180 days .
negotiable , bank - backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
london late eurodollars : 8 13/16 % to 8 11/16 % one month ; 8 13/16 % to 8 11/16 % two months ; 8 13/16 % to 8 11/16 % three months ; 8 3/4 % to 8 5/8 % four months ; 8 11/16 % to 8 9/16 % five months ; 8 5/8 % to 8 1/2 % six months .
london interbank offered rates ( libor ): 8 3/4 % one month ; 8 3/4 % three months ; 8 9/16 % six months ; 8 9/16 % one year .
the average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the london market based on quotations at five major banks .
foreign prime rates : canada 13.50 % ; germany 8.50 % ; japan 4.875 % ; switzerland 8.50 % ; britain 15 % .
these rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
treasury bills : results of the tuesday , october 10 , 1989 , auction of short - term u.s. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.63 % 13 weeks ; 7.60 % 26 weeks .
federal home loan mortgage corp . ( freddie mac ): posted yields on 30 - year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
9.91 % , standard conventional fixedrate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. federal national mortgage association ( fannie mae ): posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.85 % , 6/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
source : telerate systems inc. merrill lynch ready assets trust : 8.33 % .
annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
proposals for government - operated " national service , " like influenza , flare up from time to time , depress the resistance of the body politic , run their course , and seem to disappear , only to mutate and afflict public life anew .
the disease metaphor comes to mind , of course , not as an aspersion on the advocates of national service .
rather , it is born of frustration with having to combat constantly changing strains of a statist idea that one thought had been eliminated in the early 1970s , along with smallpox .
it is back with us again , in the form of legislation to pay volunteers under a " national and community service act , " a proposal with a serious shot at congressional passage this fall .
why does the national - service virus keep coming back ?
perhaps it is because utopian nostalgia evokes both military experience and the social gospel .
if only we could get america 's wastrel youth into at least a psychic uniform we might be able to teach self - discipline again and revive the spirit of giving .
a quarter of a century ago national service was promoted as a way of curing the manifest inequities of the draft -- by , of all things , expanding the draft .
those of us who resisted the idea then suspect today that an obligation of government service for all young people is still the true long - term aim of many national - service backers , despite their protests that present plans contain no coercion .
choice of the volunteer military in the 1970s seemed to doom national service as much as the draft .
but the virus was kept alive in sociology departments until a couple of years ago , when it again was let loose .
this time it attempted to invade two connected problems , the rising cost of higher education and the rising expense to the federal government of educational grants and loans .
why not keep and even expand the loans and grants , the advocates reasoned , but require some form of service from each recipient ?
military service , moreover , could be a national - service option .
thus , undoubtedly it was hoped that the new strain of national service would prove contagious , infecting patriotic conservatives , pay - as - you - go moderates , and idealistic liberals .
the democratic leadership council , a centrist group sponsoring the plan , surely thought it might help the party to attract support , especially among college students and their parents .
a provision allowing grants to be applied to first - home purchases was added to appeal to those who had had enough of schooling .
the dlc plan envisaged " volunteers " planting trees , emptying bedpans , tutoring children , and assisting librarians for $ 100 a week , tax free , plus medical care .
with a tax - free $ 10,000 voucher payment at the end of each year , the volunteers would be making a wage comparable to $ 17,500 a year .
mind you , most of " the volunteers " would be unskilled 17- to 18 - year - olds , some not even high school graduates , and many saving money by living at home .
they would be doing better financially under national service than many taxpayers working at the same kinds of jobs and perhaps supporting families .
as it happened , political resistance developed among educational and minority interests that count on the present education grant system , so the national - service devotees decided to abandon the supposedly crucial principle of " give in order to get . "
opposition to national service from the pentagon , which wants to protect its own recruitment process , also led to the military - service option being dropped .
clearly , a new rationale for national service had to be cooked up .
what better place to turn than sen. edward kennedy 's labor committee , that great stove of government expansionism , where many a stagnant pot of porridge is kept on the back burner until it can be brought forward and presented as nouvelle cuisine ?
in this case , the new recipe for national service called for throwing many assorted legislative leftovers into one kettle : a demonstration project for educational aid ( particularly satisfying to the dlc and sen. sam nunn ) , a similar demonstration program for youth conservation ( a la sen. chris dodd ) , a competitive grants program to states to spark youth and senior citizen volunteer projects ( a kennedy specialty ) , a community service work - study program for students ( pleasing to the palate of sen. dale bumpers , among others ) , plus engorgement of the vista volunteer program and the retired senior volunteer , foster grandparent , and senior companion programs .
before the menu is printed , the house may add more ingredients , also changing the initial price , now posted at some $ 330 million .
it is widely known that " too many cooks spoil the broth , " but that wisdom does not necessarily reflect the view of the cooks , especially if they are senators .
the " omnibus " bill coming out of congress may be unwholesome glop , but the assorted chefs are happy and the restaurant is pushing the dish very hard .
the aroma of patronage is in the air .
is the voluntary sector so weak that it needs such unsolicited assistance ?
on the contrary , it is as robust as ever .
according to the gallup poll , american adults contribute an average of two hours a week of service , while financial contributions to charity in the 1980s have risen 30 % ( adjusted for inflation ) .
even if government does see various " unmet needs , " national service is not the way to meet them .
if we want to support students , we might adopt the idea used in other countries of offering more scholarships based on something called " scholarship , " rather than on the government 's idea of " service . "
or we might provide a tax credit for working students .
what we do not need to do is start a war , and then try to justify it by creating a gi bill .
to the extent we lack manpower to staff menial jobs in hospitals , for example , we should raise pay , pursue labor - saving technology , or allow more legal immigration , rather than overpay high school graduates as short - term workers and cause resentment among permanent workers paid lesser amounts to do the same jobs .
will national service , in the current highly politicized and opportunistic form exert enough appeal to get adopted ?
not necessarily .
polls show wide , generalized support for some vague concept of service , but the bill now under discussion lacks any passionate public backing .
nonetheless , senate democrats are organizing a roll of supporting " associations , " " societies " and " councils , " some of which may hope to receive the paid " volunteers . "
so far , the president seems ill - disposed to substitute any of the omnibus for his own free - standing proposal to endow a " points of light " foundation with $ 25 million to inform citizens of all ages and exhort them to genuine volunteerism .
however , even this admirable plan could become objectionable if the white house gives in to congressional democratic pressure to add to the scope of the president 's initiative or to involve the independent foundation in " brokering " federal funds for volunteer projects .
there 's no need for such concessions .
the omnibus can be defeated , the virus controlled , and real service protected .
national service , the utopian idea , still wo n't go away then , of course , but the millions of knee - socked youth performing works of " civic content " will be mobilized only in the imagination of their progenitors .
mr. chapman is a fellow at the indianapolis - based hudson institute .
this article is adapted from remarks at a hoover institution conference on national service , in which mr. szanton also participated .
( see related story : " target expenditures narrowly " -- wsj oct. 16 , 1989 )
government officials here and in other countries laid plans through the weekend to head off a monday market meltdown -- but went out of their way to keep their moves quiet .
federal reserve chairman alan greenspan was on the telephones , making it clear to officials in the u.s. and abroad that the fed was prepared to inject massive amounts of money into the banking system , as it did in october 1987 , if the action were needed to prevent a financial crisis .
and at the treasury , secretary nicholas brady talked with friends and associates on wall street while assistant secretary david mullins carefully analyzed data on the friday market plunge .
but the officials feared that any public announcements would only increase market jitters .
in addition , officials at the fed and in the bush administration decided that avoiding overt actions and statements over the weekend would give them more strength and flexibility should friday 's market drop turn into this morning 's rout .
" the disadvantage at this point is that anything you do that looks like you are doing too much tends to reinforce a sense of crisis , " said one government official , insisting on anonymity .
the fed 's efforts at secrecy were partly foiled sunday morning , when both the new york times and the washington post carried stories quoting a senior fed official saying the central bank was prepared to pour cash into the banking system monday morning .
fed chairman greenspan was surprised by both stories , according to knowledgeable sources , and insisted he had n't authorized any public comment .
nevertheless , fed officials acknowledged the stories were reasonably accurate portrayals of the central bank 's game plan .
it is prepared to assume the same role it played in october 1987 , providing money to the markets if necessary to keep the financial system afloat .
the fed provides money to the banking system by buying government securities from financial institutions .
the reticence of federal officials was evident in the appearance sunday of budget director richard darman on abc 's " this week . "
" secretary of the treasury brady and chairman greenspan and the chairman of the sec and others have been in close contact .
i 'm sure they 'll do what 's right , what 's prudent , what 's sensible , " he said .
when it was suggested his comment was a " non - answer , " mr. darman replied : " it is a non - answer .
but , in this context , that 's the smart thing to do . "
at the treasury , secretary brady issued a statement minimizing the stock market 's drop .
" today 's stock market decline does n't signal any fundamental change in the condition of the economy , " he said .
" the economy remains well - balanced , and the outlook is for continued moderate growth . "
but administration officials conceded that friday 's drop carried the chance of further declines this week .
" one possibility is that this is a surgical setback , reasonably limited in its breadth , and not a major problem , " said one senior administration official , who also asked that he not be named .
" the other is that we see another major disaster , like two years ago .
i think that 's less likely . "
nevertheless , fed chairman greenspan and vice chairman manuel johnson were in their offices sunday evening , monitoring events as they unfolded in markets around the world .
the action was expected to begin with the opening of the new zealand foreign exchange markets at 5 p.m. est -- when stocks there plunged -- and to continue as the trading day began later in the evening in tokyo and through early this morning in europe .
both the treasury and the fed planned to keep market rooms operating throughout the night to monitor the developments .
in tokyo , share prices dropped sharply by 1.7 % in early monday morning trading .
after the initial slide , the market appeared to be turning around but by early afternoon was headed lower .
in the bush administration , the lead is being taken by treasury secretary brady , undersecretary robert glauber and assistant secretary mullins .
the three men worked together on the so - called brady commission , headed by mr. brady , which was established after the 1987 crash to examine the market 's collapse .
as a result they have extensive knowledge in financial markets , and financial market crises .
mr. brady was at the white house friday afternoon when the stock market 's decline began .
he was quickly on the phone with mr. mullins , who in turn was talking with the chairmen of the new york and chicago exchanges .
later , mr. brady phoned mr. greenspan , sec chairman richard breeden and numerous contacts in new york and overseas .
aides say he continued to work the phones through the weekend .
administration officials say president bush was briefed throughout friday afternoon and evening , even after leaving for camp david .
he had frequent telephone consultations with mr. brady and michael boskin , chairman of the counsel of economic advisers .
government officials tried throughout the weekend to render a business - as - usual appearance in order to avoid any sense of panic .
treasury undersecretary david mulford , for instance , was at a meeting of the business council in hot springs , va. , when the stock market fell , and remained there through the following day .
and as of last night , fed chairman greenspan had n't canceled his plans to address the american bankers association convention in washington at 10 a.m. this morning .
ironically , mr. greenspan was scheduled to address the same convention in dallas on oct. 20 , 1987 .
he flew to dallas on oct. 19 , when the market plummeted 508 points , but then turned around the next morning and returned to washington without delivering his speech .
( see related story : " abreast of the market : special steps did n't cool fever to sell " -- wsj oct. 16 , 1989 )
@ charles h. tenney ii , chairman of unitil corp. , purchased 34,602 shares , or 4.9 % , of unitil 's common , according to a filing with the securities and exchange commission .
the stock was bought on thursday in a privately negotiated transaction , the filing said .
as previously reported , unitil , exeter , n.h. , and fitchburg gas & electric co. , fitchburg , mass. , are targets of unsolicited tender offers from boston - based eastern utilities associates .
eastern utilities has offered $ 40 a share for unitil and $ 36 a share for fitchburg gas and has extended both offers to dec. 4 .
both companies rejected the offers .
trinity industries inc. said it reached a preliminary agreement to manufacture 1,000 coal rail cars for
norfolk southern corp. trinity estimated the value of the pact at more than $ 40 million .
trinity said it plans to begin delivery of the rail cars in the first quarter of 1990 .
it said the 1,000 rail cars are in addition to the 1,450 coal rail cars presently being produced for norfolk southern , a norfolk , va.-based railroad concern .
bolstered by a robust long - distance business , the telephone industry is expected to post a healthy profit increase for the third quarter .
analysts estimate that third - quarter earnings for the industry will increase as much as 19 % from the year - earlier period .
if so , their cumulative earnings could hit $ 4.12 billion .
most of the earnings growth , however , will come from the long - distance sector .
american telephone & telegraph co. is expected to post a profit increase of about 18 % and mci communications corp. 's earnings are expected to surge 58 % .
united telecommunications inc. reported last wednesday that third - quarter net income climbed 75 % to $ 94.6 million , or 90 cents a share , on revenue of $ 1.93 billion .
united telecom 's sprint unit posted operating profit of $ 60 million .
paul aran , a telecommunications analyst with bear , stearns & co. , said the long - distance companies have been buoyed by strong growth in the facsimile and data - service business .
he said declining long - distance prices also have helped stimulate usage .
the local telephone companies , however , are n't expected to fare as well .
growth is predicted to be in the 1 % to 2 % range for most companies , with southern new england telephone and gte corp. posting profit increases in the neighborhood of 10 % .
" the long - distance companies have kept their momentum , " says robert morris iii , a telecommunications analyst with goldman , sachs & co. , " while the pace of growth for the local telephone companies is slowing . "
that 's especially true for the regional bell companies .
he said regulation is primarily responsible for the bells ' dull earnings growth .
most companies have reached their maximum allowed earnings ceilings , which are set by regulators .
" this signals the need for regulatory change , " mr. morris said .
pacific telesis group , which is expected to post earnings of about 75 cents a share , obtained regulatory relief from california regulators last week .
under the plan , the company is allowed to earn more if it can operate more efficiently .
in the year - earlier quarter , pacific telesis earned $ 318 million , or 75 cents a share , on revenue of $ 2.38 billion .
analysts expect installations of new telephone lines to grow about 3 % .
however , gte , bellsouth corp. and pacific telesis , which operate in territories with hearty economies , are expected to report new - telephone - line growth in the range of 4 % to 5 % .
nynex corp. 's profits could begin to show signs of weakening from the effects of a nearly three - month strike , while other bell companies , such as ameritech and southwestern bell corp. , could be hurt in the quarter by one - time charges associated with the settlement of new union contracts .
mr. aran , the bear stearns analyst , said that generally , after eight weeks , " a strike starts hurting earnings .
i 'm waiting to see what the impact is on nynex . "
analysts predict nynex earnings will be about $ 1.57 a share , compared with $ 1.72 a share a year earlier , when the company earned $ 338.9 million on sales of $ 3.18 billion .
the independent telephone companies also may post third - quarter results that trail the comparable year - ago period .
rochester telephone co. , for instance , said it expects third - quarter earnings to be " somewhat lower " than the year - earlier quarter -- even though the company expects to post an extraordinary gain of 50 cents during the period .
the company said higher expenses and competitive pressures hampered earnings .
for the 1988 third quarter , rochester telephone reported a net income of $ 12.9 million , or $ 1.10 a share , on revenue of $ 120.2 million .
du pont co. said its du pont do brasil subsidiary will invest about $ 19 million to build a multimillion - pound - per - year fluoropolymers plant and technical center in sao paulo , brazil .
the plant , scheduled to operate in early 1992 , is part of du pont 's plan to increase world - wide fluoropolymer capacity 40 % by 1992 .
du pont markets fluoropolymers under the trademark teflon .
ronald j. berens was elected to the new post of senior vice president - u.s. apparel group , effective nov. 1 .
he will be responsible for the apparel operations of the retailer 's holtzman 's little folk shop inc. and richman brothers co. units and the susie 's division of its kinney shoe corp. unit .
mr. berens , 50 years old , currently is president and chief executive officer of the little folk unit .
