harrison and sean were in a bind and had been tied together .
the other men in the room were holding their guns out .
suddenly , there was a blinding flash of light .
all of the building was up in flames .
the people were trying to get away from the fire .
harrison and sean managed to get away .
jonah is struggling to breath and lies down on his living room floor .
gasping for air he tries to loosen his tie .
margot hears jonah struggling and rushes to his aid .
you can see the panic in jonah 's face as he struggles to breathe .
leonardo is also having difficulty breathing and ends up on his floor gasping for air .
jim and jeff were drinking and eating marshmallows at their own campfire .
while they were dancing together .
jim admitted that he had an affair with jeff 's girlfriend .
jeff started to choke jim .
jim told jeff that he would never do it again .
they both talked it over afterwards .
jim blames jeff 's girl for taking advantage of him .
harrison is playing with his monkey while thinking about what to do in a very difficult situation .
vic drives by with his bike and he looks very bound to find trouble .
harrison is being confronted by paul and a man who wants him to follow them .
seeing he does not have a choice he follows them .
paul tries to convince harrison to join him in something harrison considers evil and unethical .
robert was hanging out in his room watching the television .
his friend , brian , called him to ask him about some girl advice .
robert was happy to give him advice , since he was good with the ladies .
brian wanted to know how he should ask out jennifer , his crush .
robert gave him some ideas and brian felt inspired to go approach her .
who does n't like snow in this world it 's the same for danny looking to play with snow even late night .
jack danny 's father gets out of his house to bring danny back as it 's dangerous to stay in the woods at night .
danny seeing his father jack looking for him tries to hide so that he could play a little more .
on the other hand at jack 's house shelley his wife is all alone .
shelley starts to hear some knocking sound coming from the wardrobe she wonders whether it 's a thief or something and grabs a knife .
the sound keeps on increasing shelley turning pale .
a little blood starts to appear through the gap between the wardrobe .
shelley without any idea of what 's going on is left traumatized .
it is another night of boozing and living it up .
jeremy is talking crap to a fellow customer at the bar .
christian looks up and sees the most beautiful woman he has ever seen .
more beautiful than his wife amy .
jennifer is off talking to some of the girls in the bar .
telling them how she finds jack to be so attractive .
amy and her friend are discussing why they feel christian is being unfaithful .
stephen and kevin were talking about what they should have for dinner .
gabriel was really hoping for some pizza .
gabriel had pizza last night so he was n't in the mood for that .
kevin suggested they have a nice salad .
gabriel and benicio thought that was ridiculous .
every left hungry for the night .
donald , elliot and sally were performing an operation .
it was a huge operation and they were all very focused .
the operation was replacing a man 's damaged intestines .
the intestines were not working because the man got slashed in the abdomen .
after over 15 hours of surgery , they were finished and they all gave a sigh of relief .
barry is the sheriff and he aims his gun .
jeff holds his hands up and asks the sheriff not to shoot .
barry aims his gun and prepares to shoot .
although jeff aims his gun at barry , barry is able to shoot first .
barry hits jeff with a bullet and jeff starts to fall off his horse .
barry puts his gun away as it seems that jeff is not threatening him anymore .
jeff lies on the ground in pain as he waits for barry to arrest him .
jack had just arrived in his hotel after a long day of traveling .
jack got into the elevator , but he noticed a noise outside , in the hallway .
he looked and it was a small dog that was lost .
the dog looked at jack , as if he wanted to be petted .
jack approached the small dog cautiously .
he picked up the dog , but it started to urinate on jack ! .
after having some relationship issues cameron thought it would be best to give back the car ben gave her .
ben took the keys and walked away but began to reevaluate their relationship .
after some thought ben realized it would be best if they tried to work out their problems and turned around .
once he turned around cameron came rushing in since she was so happy that ben did n't give up on their relationship .
they finally are embracing each other with a strong passion and they are on their way to creating an even stronger relationship .
shia was in the interrogation room trying to explain his case with the police .
billy was n't buying his excuses of how he did n't commit the crime .
shia was adamant that he was innocent and wanted to talk to his lawyer .
meanwhile michelle was out with her friends enjoying a drink at a bar .
they were having a good time talking about old times .
jim parked his red sports car outside of the hotel when he arrived .
he stormed out of the car and showed everyone how much money he had ! .
he then went into the hotel as if he owned it .
he spent all day with jeff , his brother , eating and laughing while watching tv .
he then watched a sad movie that made him cry .
philip , jude and matt were playing with their new headsets .
they had a fascination with headsets and would always buy the latest model .
today , they were testing out the audio of the headset .
everything was going great until matt told them he had to go .
his wife was angry at him for wasting so much money on new headsets and was throwing a fit so matt had to go and calm her down .
a soldier dressed in british red army garment is taking a direct hit in a skirmish , slowly falling backwards .
the entire group of british soldiers is trying to respond to the attack by unseen assailants , who use the advantage of narrow pathways in the woods , to return fire .
the lone attacker skirts between trees to change his angle of attack and gain a further advantage over the slow british troops .
having changed his position to another angle , he takes aim at another soldier .
passing him by as part of the group of english soldiers .
the result of this confrontation is costly for the english forces , as several of their soldiers are lying dead on the floor , struck down by a single attacker who has remained well hidden in the woods .
the carriage arrived to the house .
it picked up emma and kate from their home .
emma and kate were sitting in silence for the all ride .
they were passing by beautiful scenery .
finally they had arrived .
hugh was already waiting for them .
he was very happy to meet kate again .
emma was a little worried about her daughter .
kate took a walk in the garden of hugh , it was absolutely stunning .
the man looks at the women through the door , and thinks about what has happened to poor scarlett .
natalie hears someone at the door and peers over .
scarlett looks at the man and thinks of what horrible thing he has done .
the man walks in and says he would like to apologize for the mishap earlier .
he begins to walk away in dismay .
natalie asks scarlett if she is okay and can tell her all that had happened .
scarlett looks with a blank stare and says she must leave now .
the evil king eric makes his way down the hall to confront the women .
jonny needed people to join his chess club .
tim thought about joining but he was n't sure .
fisher figured it would be fun to do but only if tim joined .
fisher asked tim if he knew what a pawn or a rook was .
tim was very confused .
fisher looked jonny in the eyes and told him he would not join the club .
mark was dunking jeff 's head in the toilet .
he was doing that over and over again until jeff was coughing and promising to behave .
mark dunked him one last time .
jeff was coughing up the toilet water .
he felt exhausted and had trouble getting up from the floor .
mark threatened to do it again if jeff will not behave .
